Writing II: Rhetorical Composing	Rhetorical Composing engages you in a series of interactive reading, research, and composing activities along with assignments designed to help you become more effective consumers and producers of alphabetic, visual and multimodal texts.  Join us to become more effective writers... and better citizens.	Rhetorical Composing is a course where writers exchange words, ideas,     talents, and support. You will be introduced to a variety of rhetorical     concepts—that is, ideas and techniques to inform and persuade audiences—that     will help you become a more effective consumer and producer of written,     visual, and multimodal texts. The class includes short videos, demonstrations,     and activities. We envision Rhetorical Composing as a learning community that includes both those enrolled in this course and the instructors. We bring our expertise in writing, rhetoric and course design, and we have designed the assignments and course infrastructure to help you share your experiences as writers, students, and professionals with each other and with us. These collaborations are facilitated through WEx, The Writers Exchange, a place where you will exchange your work and feedback 
Genetics and Society: A Course for Educators	How have advances in genetics affected society? What do we need to know to make ethical decisions about genetic technologies? This course includes the study of cloning, genetic enhancement, and ownership of genetic information. Course participants will acquire the tools to explore the ethics of modern genetics and learn how to integrate these issues into their classrooms.	The AMNH course Genetics and Society: A Course for Educators explores the social, legal and ethical issues of modern-day genetics. Informed by the recently released Next Generation Science Standards, the course provides an overview of recent genetic discoveries and molecular lab techniques. Participants will acquire an understanding of the science and technology behind breakthroughs such as therapeutic cloning and the sequencing of the human genome. You will also have the opportunity to discuss and debate issues surrounding hot-button topics in genetics: If it is ethical to clone your dog, will humans be next? Should we care if our food is genetically modified? What are the pros and cons of gene therapy?&nbsp;Course participants will bring their understanding of modern genetics and associated ethical issues - along with content resources, discussion questions, and assignments - into their own teaching.&nbsp;  
General Game Playing	Learn about General Game Playing (GGP) and develop GGP programs capable of competing against humans and other programs in GGP competitions .	General game players are computer systems able to play strategy games based solely on formal game descriptions supplied at "runtime". &nbsp;(In other words, they don't know the rules until the game starts.) &nbsp;Unlike specialized game players, such as Deep Blue, general game players cannot rely on algorithms designed in advance for specific games; they must discover such algorithms themselves. &nbsp;General game playing expertise depends on intelligence on the part of the game player and not just intelligence of the programmer of the game player.   GGP is an interesting application in its own right. &nbsp;It is intellectually     engaging and more than a little fun. &nbsp;But it is much more than that.     &nbsp;It provides a theoretical framework for modeling discrete dynamic     systems and for defining rationality in a way that takes into account problem     representation and complexities like incompleteness of information and     resource bounds. &nbsp;It has practical applications in areas where these     features are important, e.g. in business and law. &nbsp;More fundamentally,     it raises questions about the nature of intelligence and serves as a laboratory     in which to evaluate competing approaches to artificial intelligence. This course is an introduction to General Game Playing (GGP). &nbsp;Students will get an introduction to the theory of General Game Playing and will&nbsp;learn how to create GGP programs capable of competing against other programs and humans.
Genes and the Human Condition (From Behavior to Biotechnology)	To acquire an understanding of the fundamental concepts of genomics and biotechnology, and their implications for human biology, evolution, medicine, social policy and individual life path choices in the 21st century. 	In this class we will cover the essentials of genomics to help you better understand your own life (know thy genome, know thyself), and how advances in biotechnology are radically changing the scientific landscape.  We will begin with some of the most basic issues of genetics, such as the composition of genomes and how the information in them is processed so we can get an adult human from an egg. Then we’ll see that much of the power of genomics is in comparisons. If I only had your genome there's not much I could do with it. But if I lined it up against a chimpanzee genome I’d see that they are 98.5% identical. It’s that 1.5% difference that we study to determine what makes a chimp a chimp and a human a human.&nbsp;   In the next few years you’ll be able to get your genome done for a few hundred dollars, and we will look at the challenges you might face dealing with this new self-knowledge. We shall particularly focus on behavior. How can genes predispose some of us to be nice and others of us to be psychopaths? We will be examining behavior as a complex unfolding of interactions between your genome and the environment.   Thanks in large part to genomics we are beginning to understand the living processes that constitute ourselves, where we can begin to intervene to take control of our own future. We will look at the technologies involved and the consequences of this new power. Genetic engineering has already changed what you eat and the medicines you take, and will likely therefore change how long you live. If we choose to genetically engineer ourselves as some advocate then we may also change how we view ourselves as human beings. We do not know where our ability to intervene in our own living processes is going to lead us. Depending on your point of view that is the promise or the threat of the era we live in. Scientists today already envisage creating life from scratch, and we are entering a world where political considerations, and imagination, may be the only brakes on biotechnology.
A Brief History of Humankind	The course surveys the entire length of human history, from the evolution of various human species in the Stone Age up to the political and technological revolutions of the twenty-first century.	About 2 million years ago our human ancestors were&nbsp;insignificant animals living in a corner of Africa. Their impact on the world was no greater than that of gorillas, zebras, or chickens. Today humans are spread all over the world, and they are the most important animal around. The very future of life on Earth depends on the ideas and behavior of our species. This course will explain how we humans have conquered planet Earth, and how we have changed our environment, our societies, and our own bodies and minds. The aim of the course is to give students a brief but complete overview of history, and to answer some basic historical questions such as:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is religion?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is an empire? &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is money?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;What is science?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; What is capitalism? &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Why did almost all societies believe that women are inferior to men?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Does history have a direction?&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Did people become happier as history progressed?                     &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; And what is the likely future of humankind?&nbsp;
New Models of Business in Society	Examine the critical role that business plays in society, and learn about the exciting new models of business that are changing the way that companies create value.	This course examines the emergence of a new story about business. This new story locates business within a societal framework. Almost every business creates or destroys value for customers, suppliers, employees, communities and society, in addition to shareholders and other financiers. A number of new models of business can be built on this idea such as corporate responsibility, philanthropy, shared value and sustainability. Profits and stakeholder value go together, and this course explains how. The final session explores the idea of how to become a stakeholder entrepreneur and create a business that makes money and makes the world a better place.
Analyse Numérique pour Ingénieurs	Ce cours contient les 7 premiers chapitres d'un cours donné aux étudiants bachelor de l'EPFL. Il est basé sur le livre "Introduction à l'analyse numérique", J. Rappaz M. Picasso, Ed. PPUR. Des outils de base sont décrits dans les 5 premiers chapitres. Les deux derniers chapitres abordent la question de la résolution numérique d'équations différentielles.  	L'analyse numérique fait partie de ce que l'on appelle aujourd'hui "Scientific Computing" ou encore "Computational Sciences". Il s'agit de faire des simulations numériques de phénomènes complexes, par exemple l'écoulement autour d'un avion, le retrait passé ou futur d'un glacier, ou encore des effets spéciaux pour l'industrie du cinéma. Le cheminement permettant d'obtenir une simulation numérique est le suivant.  Dérivation d'un modèle mathématique. Par exemple, dans le cas de la chute d'un corps, les équations de Newton "masse x accéleration = forces" permettent d'obtenir une équation différentielle, à laquelle il faut ajouter une condition initiale sur la position et sur la vitesse du corps.  Analyse mathématique : le modèle mathématique obtenu est-il bien posé ? Par exemple, l'existence d'une solution unique de l'équation différentielle demande que certaines conditions sur les forces soient satisfaites.  Analyse numérique : en général, la solution du modèle mathématique ne peut pas être obtenue de manière explicite. Il convient d'utiliser un algorithme permettant d'approcher la solution grâce à un ordinateur. Dans la mesure du possible on souhaite quantifier l'erreur entre la solution du modèle mathématique (que l'on ne connait pas) et son approximation numérique (que l'on va calculer sur un ordinateur). Pour le choix de l'algorithme, on tiendra compte du nombre d'opérations nécessaire au calcul de la solution approchée.  Implémentation sur ordinateur (programmation).  Tests, validation et comparaison avec l'expérience ou d'autres résultats numériques.
Evolution: A Course for Educators	How are all of the species living on Earth today related? How does understanding evolutionary science contribute to our well-being? In this course, participants will learn about evolutionary relationships, population genetics, and natural and artificial selection. Participants will explore evolutionary science and learn how to integrate it into their classrooms.	The AMNH course&nbsp;Evolution: A Course for Educators&nbsp;provides an overview of biological evolution for educators. Informed by the recently released Next Generation Science Standards, the course explores the history of evolutionary theory and the evidence that supports it. We will learn about patterns of human evolution and societal implications of modern evolutionary biology, and&nbsp;how scientists determine relatedness among living and extinct organisms.&nbsp;Course participants will bring their understanding of course themes - along with content resources, discussion questions, and assignments - into their own teaching.&nbsp;   
Coding the Matrix: Linear Algebra through Computer Science Applications	Learn the concepts and methods of linear algebra, and how to use them to think about computational problems arising in computer science.  Coursework includes building on the concepts to write small programs and run them on real data. 	When you take a digital photo with your phone or transform the image in Photoshop, when you play a video game or watch a movie with digital effects, when you do a web search or make a phone call, you are using technologies that build upon linear algebra. &nbsp;Linear algebra provides concepts that are crucial to many areas of computer science, including graphics, image processing, cryptography, machine learning, computer vision, optimization, graph algorithms, quantum computation, computational biology, information retrieval and web search. Linear algebra in turn is built on two basic elements, the matrix and the vector. &nbsp;In this class, you will learn the concepts and methods of &nbsp;linear algebra, and&nbsp;how to use them&nbsp;to think about problems arising in computer science. &nbsp;You will write small programs in the programming language Python to &nbsp;implement basic matrix and vector functionality and algorithms, and use these to process real-world data to achieve such tasks as: two-dimensional graphics transformations, face morphing, face detection, image transformations such as blurring and edge detection, image perspective removal, audio and image compression, searching within an image or an audio clip, classification of tumors as malignant or &nbsp;benign, integer factorization, error-correcting codes, secret-sharing, network layout, document classification, and computing Pagerank (Google's ranking method).
The Dynamic Earth: A Course for Educators	How and why is the Earth constantly changing? How do scientists reconstruct events in Earth's geologic history? This course explores the origin and evolution of the Earth and provides resources for educational use.	The AMNH course&nbsp;The Dynamic Earth: A Course for Educators&nbsp;provides students with an overview of the origin and evolution of the Earth. Informed by the recently released&nbsp;Next Generation Science Standards, this course examines geological time scales, radiometric dating, and how scientists “read the rocks.” We will explore dramatic changes in the Earth over the last 4 billion years, including how the evolution of life on Earth has affected its atmosphere. In addition to looking at geology on a global scale, participants will take to their own backyards to explore and share their local geologic history. Course participants will bring their understanding of the dynamic Earth - along with content resources, discussion questions, and assignments - into their own teaching. 
Science, Technology, and Society in China III: The Present & Policy Implications	This course is the third in a trilogy of short courses. In this final part, we integrate what we have learned in the previous two parts to investigate the evolution and implications of Chinese government policies designed to promote scientific and technological progress. Based on this, we will attempt to sketch a picture of the future of science and technology in China.	In this course, we examine science and technology in Chinese society today as well as the basis for the policy prescriptions the Chinese government is currently employing to promote innovation and technology development. We will cover the impact of these policies on the efforts of Chinese companies to enhance their global technological competitiveness. We will learn how observers inside and outside China have come to regard the country as a “technological superpower”, and analyze the extent to which this reflects the actual situation today (and tomorrow).
Science, Technology, and Society in China II: History of S&T in Chinese Society	This course is the second in a trilogy of short courses. In this part, we apply some of the concepts we covered in Part I to study the development of science and technology in Chinese society, particularly in light of the influence the Industrial Revolution in the West has had on China’s technological development.	Having mastered in general terms some of the key concepts used in understanding the relationship between science/technology and society, this course begins to apply those concepts to China, historically and chronologically. Concepts such as path dependency/lock-in effect, technological determinism and others will be used to frame a narrative describing the emergence of science and technology in Chinese society. This narrative will be heavily informed by developments in the West during the Industrial Revolution so that we can understand how that series of events affected the development of science and technology in China. This part of the course will also lay the foundation for Part III.
Synapses, Neurons and Brains 	You will become intimately acquainted with the operational principles of neuronal “life-ware” (synapses, neurons and the networks that they form) as well as with recent ideas about how the dynamics of these networks generate the “neuronal code.”  As an aperitif we will highlight present brain-excitements and for dessert we will discuss the future of brain research 	 Probably the greatest challenge of the “21st century of the brain” is     to understand how subcellular and cellular neuronal processes give rise     to behavior – movement, perception, emotions, memory and creativity. This     course will discuss, step-by-step, how modern molecular, optical, electrical,     anatomical and theoretical methods have provided fascinating insights into     the operation of the elementary building blocks of brains and, most importantly,     how neuronal mechanisms underlie memory and learning processes. We will     next discuss why computer simulations are so essential for understanding     both neuronal “life ware” and the emergence of networks dynamics (e.g.,     as in the “Blue Brain Project”).&nbsp; The course will start by highlighting a few recent brain-excitements,     including treating the sick brain via electrical stimulation, recent attempts     at “reading the brain code” for brain-machine interfaces, new neuro-anatomical     techniques (“Brainbow” and connectomics) and physiological methods (optogenetics)     that enables us to record/activate the living, behaving brain at single     cell resolution. We will end by discussing emerging frontiers in brain     research, including the interaction between brain research and the arts.     As an added bonus, a lecture on perception, action, cognition and emotions     will be taught by an acclaimed neuroscientists, Prof. Israel Nelken..   
Modern European Mysticism and Psychological Thought	The course will examine the psychological thought of the modern mystical traditions in Europe. We shall focus on two topics with wider cultural implications: The soul and the heart. 	In the revival of mysticism today, mysticism has become more psychological while psychology is increasingly interested in mysticism. This course will provide an entry into the complex world of modern mysticism, through studying its psychological thought. We shall begin with exploring the interpretations of mystical experience offered by psychoanalysts in the twentieth century, starting with Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung and ending with contemporary thinkers such as James Hillman. However, we will see that the European mystical traditions, including Kabbalah in the Jewish world and those of the Catholic and Protestant worlds, developed their own elaborate systems of psychological thought. Thus, we will mostly examine mystical psychology on its own terms. We shall especially look at two terms that are very much in use also in general culture: the heart (as an emotional rather than as a physical center!...) and the soul, looking at the unique mystical concepts of their nature and destiny and asking if there were influences and meetings between the different religions.&nbsp;
Principles of Public Health	Principles of Public Health introduces the major concepts and principles of public health and the determinants of health status in communities. Emphasizes the ecological model that focuses on the linkages and relationships among multiple natural and social determinants affecting health.	Principles of Public Health&nbsp;introduces the major concepts of public health and the determinants of health status in communities. The course emphasizes the ecological model that focuses on the linkages and relationships among multiple natural and social determinants affecting health. As a relative concept, the health of populations is assessed through comparisons of temporal, spatial, and demographic dimensions of disease burden. The goal of public health is to understand why and how different populations carry different kinds and amounts of disease burden, and to use that knowledge for improving health by preventing disease.&nbsp;    Students in the course will explore successful examples in public health, including how scientific discoveries and regulatory policies have both contributed to mitigate risk factors and improve health outcomes. How socioeconomic and cultural factors modify the effectiveness of risk intervention and disease prevention strategies. How individual actions and collective initiatives play important roles in determining the status of health. In addition, how the various methodological approaches that guide discoveries in public health have been applied from the local scale to the global level.
The Ancient Greeks	This is a survey of ancient Greek history from the Bronze Age to the death of Socrates in 399 BCE. Along with studying the most important events and personalities, we will consider broader issues such as political and cultural values and methods of historical interpretation. 	This course is a survey of ancient Greek history, covering the roughly 13 centuries that extended from the Minoan / Mycenaean Bronze Age (ca. 1800-1200 BCE) down to the death of Socrates in 399 BCE.&nbsp; Along with studying the most important events and personalities, we will consider broader issues such as political and cultural values and methods of historical interpretation. Some of the topics we will cover include: relations between the Greeks and their neighbors to the East; Homer and the heroic ideal; the development of the type of community called the "polis"; the diffusion of Greek civilization from Southern Italy to the shores of the Black Sea; gods and mortals in myth, religion and ritual; the roles of women; Athenian drama; the treatment of slaves and foreigners; and the birth and evolution of democracy. We will strive to get as full an understanding as we can of this extraordinary, and extraordinarily influential, society.  Almost all the reading assignments are from ancient sources in translation. No previous knowledge of ancient history is assumed. 
Generation Rx: The Science Behind Prescription Drug Abuse	Think that a prescription medication must be safer than a “street drug”? Think again. Investigate the epidemic rise of prescription drug abuse and use science to debunk commonly held misconceptions regarding this phenomenon.	We are Generation Rx. As a society, we have become more and more “pharmaceuticalized”. We expect a quick fix for almost any medical problem. We refer to ample amounts of medical information (or mis-information) online, sometimes without the guidance of a health professional. We are taking prescription and over-the-counter medications at unprecedented rates, and there are benefits to this phenomenon, including in many cases, improved disease treatment. Sadly, a darker consequence has also emerged: the epidemic rise of injuries and fatalities due to prescription drug abuse. This course uses science to investigate the prevalence, dangers, and misperceptions regarding this growing health problem. Using a myth-busting design, we will investigate the biology behind both therapeutic and illicit drug action and tie that biology to the real dangers of abusing prescription drugs. Additionally, we will explore societal influences on drug-taking behaviors and identify best medication-taking practices for our benefit as well as others’.
Principles of Microeconomics	Learn how markets work, what they accomplish well and what their limitations are.	         We make economics decisions every day: what to buy, whether to work or play, what to study. We respond to markets all the time: prices influence our decisions, markets signal where to put effort, they direct firms to produce certain goods over others. Economics is all around us.&nbsp;This course is a rigorous introduction to the microeconomic theory of markets: why we have them, how they work, what they accomplish. We will explore what outcomes they generate when they work well and what happens when they do not. We will learn why governments are important and when regulation and intervention is necessary. Examples are taken from everyday life, from goods and services that we all purchase and use. We will apply the theory to current events and policy debates through weekly exercises. These will empower you to be an educated, critical thinker who can understand, analyze and evaluate market outcomes.    
Social Psychology	Ever wonder why people do what they do? This course offers some answers based on the latest research from social psychology.	Each of us is dealt a different hand in life, but we all face similar questions when it comes to human behavior:&nbsp;What leads us to like one person and dislike another? How do conflicts and prejudices develop, and how can they be reduced? Can psychological research help protect the environment, and if so, how? This course offers an introduction to classic and contemporary social psychology, covering topics such as decision making, persuasion, group behavior, personal attraction, and factors that promote health and well-being.  Our focus will be on surprising, entertaining, and intriguing research findings that are easy to apply in daily life. As part of this focus, several homework assignments will encourage you to experiment with your life, observe the results, and analyze what took place. The course will also draw from the web sites of Social Psychology Network, the world's largest online community devoted to social psychology. I hope you'll join me for this course, have fun, and learn some useful information that enriches your life!&nbsp; &nbsp; 
Globalization and You	This course offers an evidence-based analysis of globalization that addresses what is happening to us personally as well as economically amidst the market-led processes of global integration. 	Particular attention is paid to the ways market-led macro-economic reforms     associated with globalization (such as free trade agreements and privatization     initiatives) have come together with much more micro innovations in how     personal behavior is organized by market forces (rethinking education as     a personal investment practice, for example, or outsourcing dating to for-profit     companies). &nbsp;Mediating between these macro and micro scales of capitalist     transformation are a wide array of other market-based mechanisms examined     in the course. &nbsp;From bond risk ratings to the market metrics shaping     FICO scores, personalized medicine and online mapping, these market-mechanisms     require close examination. Tracing their influence with an awareness of     their material geographic variation and unevenness, the course offers an     alternative to economistic assumptions about choice-maximizing behavior     on a ‘level playing field’. It explores instead the complex uneven development     dynamics of globalization in ways that allow you to see how your own personal     perspectives on these dynamics are at once outcomes and enablers of economic     and social change.&nbsp; And, by doing so, the course aims in turn at enabling     you to be a more engaged participant in the ongoing debates over the direction     these dynamics should take.&nbsp; Key words that are debated, defined     and/or explained in the course include: globalization, interdependency,     discourse, capitalism, neoliberalism, value, financialization, harmonization,     competition, governance, governmentality, power, citizenship, choice, accountability,     enclaving, geopolitics, biopolitics, biocapital and global health.
Guinea Pigs, Heroes & Desperate Patients: The History & Ethics of Human Research	Learn about the ethical issues that arise when conducting human subjects research, as well as the history that grounds policies and debates in this area of biomedicine.	The objective of this course is to increase participants’ awareness and understanding of ethical issues that arise in the conduct of research on human subjects. The course will explore the history and future of ethical and policy&nbsp;challenges using a multi-disciplinary approach. Leading scholars in the ethics of human subject research will serve as course faculty. &nbsp;This course will introduce participants to the history that grounds policies and debates regarding the use of humans in research. It will continue with&nbsp;discussion of&nbsp;how current international and US policies governing research are applied, how ethical norms and concepts have evolved, and how, in some cases, changes in research have outpaced changes in policy, leading to an often complicated mismatch between the two.  The lead instructor is&nbsp;Jeffrey Kahn, who&nbsp;is the Robert Henry Levi and Ryda Hecht Levi Professor of Bioethics and Public Policy at the Johns Hopkins University Berman Institute of Bioethics. &nbsp;He will be joined by colleagues who are all among the leading scholars in aspects of the ethical and policy issues related to research on human subjects, including Profs. Ruth Faden (history and theory of informed consent),&nbsp;Nancy Kass (public health research, research in international settings), Jeremy Sugarman (empirical approaches to research ethics, US research policy), Debra Mathews (US and international science and research policy), Gail Geller (participants' perspectives on research participation),&nbsp;Joseph Ali (law and research oversight in US and international settings), and Dan O'Connor (medical history, ethics and social media-based research). 
The Science of Safety in Healthcare	This course will introduce the basic principles of the science of safety in healthcare.  Course content will be of relevance to members of the healthcare delivery team, including nurses, as well as the healthcare consumers in the general public.  	This course will introduce the basic principles of the science and culture of safety in healthcare. The goals for this course are to provide definitions and context of patient safety concepts and terms using a systems approach. We will explore foundation-level content in the science of safety, patient safety culture, teamwork, patient-centered care, and leading change. Students will also be introduced to strategies for identifying and mitigating risks through the use of human factors science and quality improvement methods. They will learn about the importance of using data to guide their change efforts, and about the use of the Comprehensive Unit-based Safety Program (CUSP) as one model to engage care teams—and entire organizations—in the effort to reduce preventable harm to patients. While course content and examples will focus on the acute-care healthcare setting, specifically the hospital, learning will be relevant to other healthcare settings such as extended care, outpatient, and home care settings. The content of this course has been adapted from the intensive five-day Patient Safety Certificate Program offered by the Johns Hopkins Armstrong Institute for Patient Safety and Quality as well as the Helene Fuld Fellows Program undergraduate course content from the Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing.
Antimicrobial Stewardship: Optimization of Antibiotic Practices	Internet Enduring Material Sponsored by:  Stanford University School of Medicine // Presented by: The Division of Infectious Diseases in the Department of Medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine 	This course will offer a practical approach to prescribing antibiotic     therapy and development of antimicrobial stewardship across all specialties     and settings.          Antibiotics are among the most frequently prescribed classes of drugs     and it is estimated that approximately 50% of antibiotic use, in both the     outpatient and inpatient settings, is inappropriate. &nbsp;At the same     time, in contrast to any other class of drugs, every antibiotic use has     a potential public health consequence – inappropriate use may not harm     only the individual patient, but contributes to societal harm by exerting     an unnecessary selective pressure that may lead to antibiotic resistance     among bacteria. &nbsp;This course will offer a number of illustrative cases,     recognizable to the practicing physician in his or her practice to engage     the learners in the thought processes that lead to optimal decision making,     improved outcomes of individual patients, and harm reduction vis-a-vis     the bacterial ecology.            Learning Objectives                               Develop skills to apply IDSA guidelines in treating infections such as             acute rhino-sinusitis, and acute bronchitis.                               Apply evidence based antibiotic management to treat sepsis.                               Implement principles of antimicrobial stewardship in your practice.&nbsp;     The Stanford University School of Medicine is accredited by the Accreditation     Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) to provide continuing     medical education for physicians.      
Law and the Entrepreneur 	This course will highlight the critical legal and business issues entrepreneurs face as they build and launch a new venture.  We will explore real world scenarios, and address the legal and business issues that entrepreneurs face, from the moment they conceive of the "million dollar idea" to all of the important junctures along the path to success.	Are you a passionate entrepreneur with a new business idea, but feeling intimidated by the law? &nbsp;Or perhaps you are a lawyer or aspiring lawyer looking to break into the exciting world of start-ups?&nbsp; This course addresses the legal aspects of entrepreneurship, and is appropriate both for entrepreneurs and lawyers who hope to represent entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs face many challenges as they pursue a new business idea.&nbsp; With the right legal tools, they can take steps that provide significant legal protections and avoid future liability.&nbsp; Among other subjects, the course will cover American law on choice of entity (corporation, limited liability company, partnership, sole proprietorship), selection of a company name and trademark, protecting intellectual property of the business with patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law, structuring agreements among owners, venture capital and other equity and debt financing arrangements, risk management, and the relationship between attorneys and entrepreneurs. In addition to discussing applicable legal rules, the course will focus on practical steps entrepreneurs and their lawyers can take to build and protect a new venture.&nbsp; The goal of the course will be for students to have a better understanding of practical ways they can protect a new venture and spot potential issues from a business-legal perspective.
Introduction to Programming for Musicians and Digital Artists	This course provides a complete introduction to programming for digital musicians and artists, in the real-time multimedia language ChucK. Rich with practical examples and pointers to additional web resources, it can be understood by novices wishing to learn to program interactive arts systems.    	The course, lecture, and examples build on each other to teach the fundamentals     of programming in general (logic, loops, functions, objects, classes) and     also deals with advanced topics including multi-threading, events and signals.     &nbsp;Throughout the course, students create meaningful and rewarding expressive     digital “instruments” that make sound and music in direct response to program     logic.&nbsp; The ChucK language provides precise high-level control over     time, audio computation, and user interface elements (track pad, joysticks,     etc.). &nbsp;ChucK is used (unknowingly in most cases, via SMule Apps)     by millions of users throughout the world, and is the backbone of dozens     of academic programs and laptop orchestras. &nbsp;Learning to program using     ChucK, through the musical examples provided in this course, will prepare     students to program in C++, Java, and other languages. There will be special     guest lectures from creators of the ChucK language, Dr.&nbsp;Ge Wang (Stanford     University) and Dr. Perry R.&nbsp;Cook (Princeton University).
Creating Site-Specific Dance and Performance Works	This course will look into the process of creating live site-specific choreography/performance works from conception, production to performance. Site-specific dance/performance is work created in response to a particular place, site, inspired by its architecture/design, the history and current use.	This course will look into the process of creating live site-specific choreography/performance works from conception, production to performance. Site-specific dance/performance is work created in response to a particular place, site, inspired by its architecture/design, the history and current use. We will investigate&nbsp;urban, architectural and environmental inspired site projects ranging from large-scale to small (guerrilla) style productions. We will&nbsp;delineate definitions of site-specificity, and&nbsp;look across the history of the field, focusing primarily on dance.  Specific techniques and approaches towards generating site inspired choreography, developed over the last 25 years by site artist Stephan Koplowitz will be introduced. Aspects of navigating technical issues (lighting, sound, media) including a primer on producing (budgeting, obtaining permissions, insurance, fundraising, audience/event design) will&nbsp;also&nbsp;be covered.&nbsp;
Live!:  A History of Art for Artists, Animators and Gamers	Explore art history from the artist's perspective.  Learn how contemporary artists, animators and gamers work from the art of the past as part of their creative process, while building your own skills in visual analysis and creative and critical thinking. 	This course approaches the questions of “art” and “history” from the perspective of contemporary makers of art (sculpture, painting, photography, performance, installation and more), animators (whether character/story-based or experimental) and gamers, asking how artists actively make a history for their own practices by thinking about the creative process as a “conversation” with a wide range of art from the past.&nbsp; Why are ground-breaking artists so often historically-minded (and yet tend to break all the rules of conventional history-telling)?&nbsp; How do animators themselves “write” the largely unwritten history of their art through quotation, transposition and mash-ups?&nbsp; Why should contemporary gamers look at classical painting anyway?  This course will combine short video lectures/interviews and interactive quizzes with independent, peer-reviewed&nbsp;sketchbook and field work (suggested visits to local museums, film viewings, etc.).&nbsp; It is intended to give the student a background in a wide range of visual practices and a greater familiarity with techniques of historical analysis.&nbsp; It will help to build skills in visual analysis, and will also provide insight into the creative culture of CalArts, where a certain portion of these art histories have been made in the first place.
History of Rock, Part Two	Learn about the growth of rock music, from the early 1970s through the rise of punk and disco in the late 1970s, and from the emergence of MTV, hip hop, and heavy metal in 1980s to the rebellion of Nirvana in the early 90s.	This course, part 2 of a 2-course sequence, examines the&nbsp;history of rock, primarily as it unfolded in the United States,&nbsp;from the early 1970s to the early 1990s. This course covers the music of Led Zeppelin, the Allman Brothers, Carole King, Bob Marley, the Sex Pistols, Donna Summer, Michael Jackson, Madonna, Prince, Metallica, Run-DMC, and Nirvana,&nbsp;and many more artists, with an emphasis both on cultural context and on the music itself. We will also explore how developments in&nbsp;the music business and in technology helped shape the ways in which styles developed.&nbsp;Emerging out of the experimental and ambitious years of late-60s psychedelia, rock splintered into a variety of styles in the 1970s as the music business continued to expand. By the end of the decade, punk and disco had challenged the excesses of the&nbsp;hippie aesthetic, as rock became more commercially streamlined and radio friendly. The emergence and rise of MTV transformed pop music and propelled the careers of Michael jackson and Madonna, while heavy metal and hip hop dominated the late 1980s. Nirvana leads alt-rock's&nbsp;return to simplicity in the early 1990s.&nbsp;
Aléatoire : une Introduction aux Probabilités 	Ce cours introduit le concept de Probabilité, dont la puissance permet de modéliser d'innombrables situations où le hasard intervient. Il est basé sur le livre de Sylvie Méléard "Aléatoire : introduction à la théorie et au calcul des probabilités" qui résulte lui-même du cours de tronc commun de première année de l'École polytechnique.	La modélisation probabiliste est fondamentale dans tous les domaines d'applications tels que, par exemple,&nbsp;la physique, l'informatique, les réseaux de télécommunications, la finance, l'assurance, la biologie et la médecine. Modéliser tant de situations de nature très&nbsp;différente où le hasard intervient&nbsp;requiert un cadre général abstrait qui ne fut rigoureusement défini qu'en&nbsp;1933 par Kolmogorov.&nbsp; C'est ce grand écart entre l'apparente simplicité de certains problèmes probabilistes concrets et l'abstraction que nécessite leur résolution qui peut rendre le monde de l'aléatoire difficile voire inquiétant, mais c'est aussi ce qui en fait un domaine des mathématiques d'une grande richesse.  Le but de ce cours est d'en convaincre les étudiants par une introduction des notions de base de la théorie des probabilités. Il n'exige pas de pré-requis en théorie de la mesure et de l'intégration. Les outils d'analyse nécessaires à une bonne compréhension des objets probabilistes sont fournis au fur et à mesure de leur construction, mettant ainsi en lumière leur nécessité.&nbsp; Le contenu du cours va de la définition d'une probabilité au théorème de la limite centrale, et contient également un ouverture aux processus aléatoires.    
Conception et mise en oeuvre d'algorithmes.	Modéliser un problème, concevoir un algorithme de résolution et en proposer une implémentation correcte. Du problème à sa solution, ce cours combine approches pragmatique, pratique et théorique de l'informatique.	Ce cours vous fera découvrir différents aspects de la conception d'un programme. Au travers de nombreuses études de cas, nous mettrons en exergue les structures de données et les algorithmes permettant d'apporter des solutions. Comme souvent en informatique, il n'existe pas de solution unique et nous serons amenés à découvrir différentes classes d'algorithme et à les comparer.Nous introduirons à cet effet&nbsp;la notion&nbsp;de complexité d'un programme, c'est à dire à la fois une estimation du temps d'exécution de votre programme et de l'espace requis par celui-ci. Il est tentant de croire que le "meilleur" programme est celui qui minimise le temps d'exécution mais très souvent cette complexité est contrainte par la mémoire dont vous disposez. Ainsi, vous n'utiliserez peut-être pas le même algorithme selon que votre programme s'exécute sur un ordinateur ou un téléphone !
Structural Equation Model and its Applications | 结构方程模型及其应用	在社会学、心理学、教育学、经济学、管理学、市场学等研究领域的数据分析中，结构方程建模是当前最前沿的统计方法中应用最广、研究最多的一个。它包含了方差分析、回归分析、路径分析和因子分析，弥补了传统回归分析和因子分析的不足，可以分析多因多果的联系、潜变量的关系，还可以处理多水平数据和纵向数据，是非常重要的多元数据分析工具。本课程系统地介绍结构方程模型和LISREL软件的应用，内容包括：结构方程分析（包括验证性因子分析）的基本概念、统计原理、在社会科学研究中的应用、常用模型及其LISREL程序、结果的解释和模型评价。学员应具备基本的统计知识（如：标准差、t-检验、相关系数），理解回归分析和因子分析的概念。 注：本课程配套教材为《结构方程模型及其应用》（以LISREL软件为例）。	自 1995十多年以来，我已在大陆不同地方，举办近百次大型结构方程研习班。大陆学生勤奋、进取的学习态度，令我甚为感动。不过，中国地域甚为广阔， 就算我到一些偏远地方辦免費班，頗多学生仍难以支付旅费前往参加研习班。为此，我将在香港中文大学内自行制作的网上课程公开，方便学生们用這网上課程及大量的練習去修读。課程內容著重理論的解釋及應用，適合使用LISREL及其他輭件者選讀。 Since 1995, I have conducted close to a hundred large-scale structural equation workshops and am moved by Mainland Chinese students’ diligence and eagerness to learn.  However, China is geographically too large.  Even if I conduct free workshops at remote cities, a lot of students still cannot pay for the travel expenses to attend.  Therefore, I am now making publicly available an original web course that is used by our own students. I hope all Chinese students can now enjoy this course with plenty of exercises to monitor their learning. As most of the course content concentrates on the explanation and applications of theories, the course should be useful for students who intend to use LISREL or other software.
Introduction to Philosophy	This course will introduce you to some of the most important areas of research in contemporary philosophy. Each week a different philosopher will talk you through some of the most important questions and issues in their area of expertise.	This course will introduce you to some of the main areas of research in contemporary philosophy. Each week a different philosopher will talk you through some of the most important questions and issues in their area of expertise. We’ll begin by trying to understand what philosophy is – what are its characteristic aims and methods, and how does it differ from other subjects? Then we’ll spend the rest of the course gaining an introductory overview of several different areas of philosophy. Topics you’ll learn about will include:  Epistemology, where we’ll consider what our knowledge of the world and ourselves consists in, and how we come to have it; Philosophy of science, where we’ll investigate foundational conceptual issues in scientific research and practice; Philosophy of Mind, where we’ll ask questions about what it means for something to have a mind, and how minds should be understood and explained; Moral Philosophy, where we’ll attempt to understand the nature of our moral judgements and reactions – whether they aim at some objective moral truth, or are mere personal or cultural preferences, and; Metaphysics, where we’ll think through some fundamental conceptual questions about the nature of reality. 
Scientific Computing	Investigate the flexibility and power of project-oriented computational analysis, and enhance communication of information by creating visual representations of scientific data.	Investigate  the flexibility and power of project-oriented computational  analysis. Practice  using this&nbsp;technique to resolve complicated  problems in a range of fields  including the physical and  engineering&nbsp;sciences, finance and economics,  medical, social and  biological sciences. Enhance communication  of&nbsp;information by creating  visual representations of scientific data. This course is a  survey of numerical solution techniques for ordinary  and partial differential  equations. Emphasis will be on the application  of numerical schemes to  practical problems in the engineering and  physical sciences. Apply advanced  MATLAB routines and toolboxes to  solve problems. Review and practice graphical  techniques for  information presentation and learn to create visual  illustrations of  scientific results
Information Security and Risk Management in Context	Learn to defend and protect vital company information using the latest technology and defense strategies. Analyze internal and external threats to proactively prevent information attacks. Gain experience by solving real-world problems and leave the class equipped to establish and oversee information security.	Explore the latest techniques for securing information and its systems, from policies and&nbsp;procedures to technologies and audit. Learn from leading experts who share proven practices&nbsp;in areas such as mobile workforce safety, security metrics, electronic evidence oversight and coping with e-crime and e-discovery. Study the protection of Cloud computing information. Discover&nbsp;how to foster the development of future information security leaders.Topics covered include:  Information security strategies and individual privacy Legal security implications Medical health record confidentiality and integrity Cutting-edge technologies  
Designing and Executing Information Security Strategies	This course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge. 	This course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge.  This course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge. Following the case-study approach, you will be introduced to current, real-world cases developed and presented by the practitioner community. You will design and execute information assurance strategies to solve these cases.  Topics explored include:  Analysis and problem solving using cases&nbsp;contracted&nbsp;from real world problems in Information Assurance including:   Selection and application of controlsConstruction of security policiesUnderstanding and application of regulatory      requirementsUnderstanding and application of business      constraints&nbsp;Communication of risk to non-information assurance      professionalsIdentification and remediation of new threatsAnalysis and performance of incident response  Communication of Information Assurance principles and concepts   Peer reviewed analysis of each caseReading and class explanation of good and bad examples      (from news and public sources)Reading and peer discussion of current events in      Information Assurance
Introduction to Data Science	Join the data revolution. Companies are searching for data scientists. This specialized field demands multiple skills not easy to obtain through conventional curricula. Introduce yourself to the basics of data science and leave armed with practical experience extracting value from big data.	Commerce and research is being transformed by data-driven discovery and prediction. Skills required for data analytics at massive levels – scalable data management on and off the cloud, parallel algorithms, statistical modeling, and proficiency with a complex ecosystem of tools and platforms – span a variety of disciplines and are not easy to obtain through conventional curricula. Tour the basic techniques of data science, including both SQL and NoSQL solutions for massive data management (e.g., MapReduce and contemporaries), algorithms for data mining (e.g., clustering and association rule mining), and basic statistical modeling (e.g., linear and non-linear regression).
Computer Networks	The Internet is a computer network that millions of people use every day. Understand the design strategies used to solve computer networking problems while you learn how the Internet works.	Computer networks from ISPs to WiFi and cellular networks are a key part of the information economy. These networks are the foundation for the Web, and they enable companies such as Google, Facebook and Amazon. This course introduces the fundamental problems of computer networking, from sending bits over wires to running distributed applications. For each problem, we explore the design strategies that have proven valuable in practice. Topics include error detection and correction, multiple-access, bandwidth allocation, routing, internetworking, reliability, quality of service, naming, content delivery, and security. As we cover these topics, you will learn how the internals of the Internet work to support the Web and other networked applications. You will develop a detailed understanding of widely-used networking technologies such as TCP/IP, HTTP, 802.11, Ethernet, and DNS.
Securing Digital Democracy	In this course, you'll learn what every citizen should know about the security risks--and future potential &mdash; of electronic voting and Internet voting.	Computer technology has transformed how we participate in democracy. The way we cast our votes, the way our votes are counted, and the way we choose who will lead are increasingly controlled by invisible computer software. Most U.S. states have adopted electronic voting, and countries around the world are starting to collect votes over the Internet. However, computerized voting raises startling security risks that are only beginning to be understood outside the research lab, from voting machine viruses that can silently change votes to the possibility that hackers in foreign countries could steal an election. This course will provide the technical background and public policy foundation that 21st century citizens need to understand the electronic voting debate. You'll learn how electronic voting and Internet voting technologies work, why they're being introduced, and what problems they aim to solve. You'll also learn about the computer- and Internet-security risks these systems face and the serious vulnerabilities that recent research has demonstrated. We'll cover widely used safeguards, checks, and balances &mdash; and why they are often inadequate. Finally, we'll see how computer technology has the potential to improve election security, if it's applied intelligently. Along the way, you'll hear stories from the lab and from the trenches on a journey that leads from Mumbai jail cells to the halls of Washington, D.C. You'll come away from this course understanding why you can be confident your own vote will count &mdash; or why you should reasonably be skeptical.
Social Network Analysis	This course will use social network analysis, both its theory and computational tools, to make sense of the social and information networks that have been fueled and rendered accessible by the internet.	Everything is connected: people, information, events and places, all the more so with the advent of online social media. A practical way of making sense of the tangle of connections is to analyze them as networks. In this course you will learn about the structure and evolution of networks, drawing on knowledge from disciplines as diverse as sociology, mathematics, computer science, economics, and physics. Online interactive demonstrations and hands-on analysis of real-world data sets will focus on a range of tasks: from identifying important nodes in the network, to detecting communities, to tracing information diffusion and opinion formation.
Health Policy and the Affordable Care Act	This course will explore the many problems of the American health care system and discuss the specific ways that the Affordable Care Act will impact access, quality, costs, as well as medical innovation.	The American health care system has many problems. 50 million people are uninsured. Quality is extremely uneven, with peaks of greatness at leading academic centers but overall poor quality in both process measures and outcomes such as asthma deaths. Finally, the U.S. health care system spends over $8000 per patient per year, nearly double the next highest country. In March 2010, the Affordable Care Act was enacted. Over the next decade or more, the Act will dramatically re-structure the American health care system. This course will explore the history and structure of the current American health care system, including the history of and problems with employment-based health insurance, the challenges surrounding access, cost and quality, and the medical malpractice conundrum. The course will then explore the history of health care reform and the challenges that were overcome to achieve health reform in America. Finally, we will delineate the specific ways that the Affordable Care Act improves access and quality, and will control costs. Throughout lessons regarding health economics, health policy, and medical practice will be elucidated. This class is open to anyone that is interested in gaining a better understanding of the US health care system and the challenges of health care reform. There are no prerequisites or required knowledge of the health system.
Gamification	Gamification is the application of game elements and digital game design techniques to non-game problems, such as business and social impact challenges. This course will teach you the mechanisms of gamification, why it has such tremendous potential, and how to use it effectively.	Gamification is the application of digital game design techniques to non-game problems, such as business and social impact challenges. Video games are the dominant entertainment form of our time because they are powerful tools for motivating behavior. Effective games leverage both psychology and technology, in ways that can be applied outside the immersive environments of games themselves. Gamification as a business practice has exploded over the past two years. Organizations are applying it in areas such as marketing, human resources, productivity enhancement, sustainability, training, health and wellness, innovation, and customer engagement. Game thinking means more than just dropping in badges and leaderboards; it requires a thoughtful understanding of motivation and design techniques. This course examines the mechanisms of gamification and provides an understanding of its effective use.Subtitles available for course: Russian (provided by Digital October) 
Networked Life	Networked Life will explore recent scientific efforts to explain social, economic and technological structures -- and the way these structures interact -- on many different scales, from the behavior of individuals or small groups to that of complex networks such as the Internet and the global economy.	 What science underlies companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google? How does your position in a social network (dis)advantage you? What do game theory and the Paris subway have to do with Internet routing? How might a social network influence election outcomes? What are the economics of email spam? How does Google find what you're looking for... and exactly how do they make money doing so?  Networked Life looks at how our world is connected -- socially, strategically and technologically -- and why it matters. The answers to the questions above are related. They have been the subject of a fascinating intersection of disciplines, including computer science, physics, psychology, sociology, mathematics, economics and finance. Researchers from these areas all strive to quantify and explain the growing complexity and connectivity of the world around us, and they have begun to develop a rich new science along the way. Networked Life will explore recent scientific efforts to explain social, economic and technological structures -- and the way these structures interact -- on many different scales, from the behavior of individuals or small groups to that of complex networks such as the Internet and the global economy. This course covers computer science topics and other material that is mathematical, but all material will be presented in a way that is accessible to an educated audience with or without a strong technical background. The majority of the course is grounded in scientific and mathematical findings of the past two decades or less (often much less). Networked Life is the flagship course of the new&nbsp;Market and Social Systems Engineering Program&nbsp;at the University of Pennsylvania.
Calculus: Single Variable	This course provides a brisk, entertaining treatment of differential and integral calculus, with an emphasis on conceptual understanding and applications to the engineering, physical, and social sciences.	Calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining     everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity     of a heartbeat. This brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable     Calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. The     course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and     social sciences. Distinguishing features of the course include:      the introduction and use of Taylor series and approximations from the         beginning;     a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of Calculus;     an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and     a clear, entertaining, unified approach.  THE SIGNATURE TRACK OPTION Signature Track is an optional path you may choose for this course. By     signing up and paying a nominal fee (financial aid can be provided), you     can add a higher level of identity verification to your Coursera coursework.     If you achieve the threshold score, you have the opportunity to earn a     Verified Certificate issued jointly by Penn and Coursera. For     each assignment, your identity is confirmed through your photo and unique     typing pattern. If you earn a Verified Certificate, you will also be given a     personal URL through which your course records can be shared with employers     and educational institutions. THE COLLEGE CREDIT RECOMMENDATION OPTION This Calculus course has been evaluated and recommended by the American Council on Education’s College Credit Recommendation Service (ACE CREDIT) for college credit so you can get a head start on your college education.  More than 2,000 higher education institutions consider ACE credit recommendations for transfer to degree programs. If you add this option, towards the end of the course, you will take an online proctored exam which will be combined with your coursework to determine your eligibility for college credit recommendation.   Click here for more information on ACE College Credit recommendation. 
Basic Behavioral Neurology	This course will survey fundamental principles of cognitive and behavioral neurology. The emphasis of the course will be on the neural mechanisms underlying aspects of cognition and on diseases that affect intellect and behavior. No prior background in neurology, medicine, or neuroscience is required.	This course will cover content on basic behavioral neurology, including an overview of cognitive localization in the brain; the neural basis of language processing; executive function and decision-making; how the brain sees; how the brain represents the body, numbers, and space; an introduction to dementia (i.e. when is some forgetfulness too much?); and an introduction to cool tools for studying thinking (fMRI, TMS, tDCS, MEG, EEG).
Cardiac Arrest, Hypothermia, and Resuscitation Science	This course will explore new breakthroughs in the treatment of patients during cardiac arrest and after successful resuscitation, including new approaches to cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and post-arrest care.	This course will explore new breakthroughs in the treatment of patients during cardiac arrest and after successful resuscitation, including new approaches to cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and post-arrest care. Topics will include: (1) the underlying challenges of cardiac arrest in public health, (2) the important role of chest compressions and ventilations, and new thinking about how to improve these approaches in resuscitation care, (3) the role of defibrillation and the exciting growth of automatic external defibrillation (AED) programs, and (4) the new science of targeted temperature management, also known as therapeutic hypothermia, to improve brain function after circulation is restored. This course is designed for a broad audience including the lay public, emergency medical personnel and other health care providers.
Fundamentals of Pharmacology	In this class you will learn how drugs affect the body, how they alter disease processes and how they might produce toxicity. We will discuss how new drugs are tested and developed prior to them being used for patient care. We will describe how personalization of medicine will become a common day reality in patient care.	This set of courses will discuss the discipline of pharmacology and its integration throughout medical science. Specifically, the content will be organized as follows: 1) Basic Pharmacological Principles; 2) Applied Pharmacology, the concept of applying the basic principles to each organ system with an emphasis on melding pathophysiology with biologic targets for drug therapy; 3) Therapeutics, considered to be the clinical application of applied pharmacology, including the financial implications of therapy, evidence-based medicine, and the limitations of drug therapy and future directions of therapeutics in all disease states, as well as the legal implications of prescription writing; and 4) Advanced Pharmacological Principles, such as cancer therapeutics.
Vaccines	This course will discuss issues regarding vaccines and vaccine safety: the history, science, benefits, and risks of vaccines, together with the controversies surrounding vaccines and answers to common questions that parents have about vaccines.	This course will discuss issues regarding vaccines and vaccine safety. Specifically, 1) the history of vaccines, focusing on different strategies used during the past two centuries to make them, 2) the science of vaccines, focusing on methods of attenuation of various viruses and bacteria, 3) the benefits of vaccines, focusing on the impact of vaccines on health both in the United States and abroad, 4) the risks of vaccines, both real and perceived, 5) the controversies surrounding vaccines, specifically that vaccines cause autism, multiple sclerosis, neurodevelopmental delays, diabetes or other chronic problems, and 6) answers to common questions that parents have about vaccines, such as the fear that too many vaccines given too soon weaken, overwhelm, or perturb the immune system or that vaccines contain harmful additives or manufacturing residuals. For additional information about vaccines, the Vaccine Education Center, or its program for parents, called Parents PACK, please visit:http://vaccine.chop.eduhttp://vaccine.chop.edu/parentshttp://www.prevent-hpv.com
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 5: Planning for Teaching and Learning	This course will help you consider how to develop appropriate learning goals for individual and groups of students. You will learn how to plan learning activities to engage your students in ways that will achieve these goals.    	In this course we will consider features of effective student management and how they support a safe, positive and orderly environment. We will also explore strategies for communicating with &nbsp; students, colleagues, parents and others. You will be encouraged to reflect on and improve your current practices in planning for teaching and learning.This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher. &nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional. &nbsp;Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice. &nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.
Common Core in Action: Math Formative Assessment	This course offers participants an opportunity to engage in a community of learners using an inquiry cycle focusing on math formative assessments as a strategy for implementing CCSS in math. It focuses on the implementation of a Classroom Challenge: a 1 – 2 day lesson developed by the Mathematics Assessment Project (MAP) based on formative assessment and the CCSSM.	The Common Core State Standards in Mathematics (CCSSM) offer the opportunity for educators to transform teaching and learning by positioning students in more active roles as learners. In addition to explicit content standards (which describe what students will know), the CCSSM present a broad range of practice standards that describe ways that successful students in math demonstrate proficiency. What do students and teachers need to know to take on these standards? What does it mean, for example, for students to persevere through new and challenging problems, and/or critique the reasoning of other students, and how can their teachers best support them?In the words of one math teacher, “it’s not the students’ job to figure out what is in our heads; it’s the teacher’s job to figure out what is in theirs.” Such an approach requires far more focus on formative assessment and deliberate strategies for teachers to pre-assess students’ assets, needs, and misconceptions – then move them forward while continually re-assessing. 
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 7: Being a Professional	This course will help you to consider what is expected of you as a member of the teaching profession.  You will consider ethical behavior and the need to respect the laws and regulations governing teaching. 	This course will emphasise what you can do to act professionally.&nbsp;This includes developing your own philosophy of teaching and making sure that you continue to improve your knowledge and skills. It also considers what it means to be part of a community of professionals, working with others to improve what happens in your school, community and profession.This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp;&nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional.&nbsp;&nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 6: Introduction to Student Assessment	At various points in the education cycle you will need to provide information which can be used to determine the extent to which your teaching is helping or has helped to achieve learning goals. This course prepares you to use assessment as part of the teaching and learning process.  	You will consider various techniques which help to assess student learning. The course also will help you to acquire the skills to develop and use appropriate assessment procedures.&nbsp;This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp;&nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional. &nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.&nbsp;
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 8: Developing Relationships	As a teacher you will need to establish appropriate relationships with many different groups within the school and the wider community. It is important for you to understand how critical these relationships are to student learning. 	One focus of the course is to help you develop strong relationships with families to enable them to support children’s learning. Positive relationships with your students enable you not only to teach them but also to get to know them as individuals. &nbsp;Positive relationships with colleagues and school leaders are necessary to help the school improve.This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp;&nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional. &nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.&nbsp;
Initiation à la théorie des distributions	Une fonction discontinue peut-elle être solution d'une équation différentielle? Comment définir rigoureusement la masse de Dirac (une "fonction" d'intégrale un, nulle partout sauf en un point) et ses dérivées? Peut-on définir une notion de "dérivée d'ordre fractionnaire"?  Cette initiation aux distributions répond à ces questions - et à bien d'autres.	Dans plusieurs domaines des sciences (physique, mécanique, analyse numérique, etc.) apparaît la nécessité de développer un calcul différentiel "généralisé" pour des fonctions peu régulières, par exemple discontinues. La première leçon présente une situation de ce genre. L'objet de ce cours est d'introduire la théorie des distributions qui fournit une réponse élégante à ce problème.Dans un premier temps, nous présentons la notion de distribution, généralisant la notion de fonction, et les premières propriétés de ces objets mathématiques. On montre ensuite comment certaines opérations bien connues sur les fonctions, en particulier la dérivation, se prolongent naturellement au cadre des distributions. Le cours s'achève sur quelques applications à des exemples classiques d'équations aux dérivées partielles linéaires.
Foundations of Virtual Instruction	Learn what it takes to teach a K-12 course online! Investigate the history of virtual education, explore innovative tools, and examine key issues related to K-12 virtual instruction. 	This course provides teachers with the foundation for understanding the movement towards virtual instruction. It introduces fundamental knowledge needed by teachers to succeed in a technology-dependent, instructional environment. You will explore the history of online learning and understand how a variety of delivery models are evolving in the K-12 environment, ranging from completely online to hybrid or blended classrooms. We will discuss how the programs work and who they serve, addressing some basics about equity issues, access and school funding, as well as ethical and legal issues that support and challenge the models. Upon completion of the course, you will understand what it takes to transition from teaching in the classroom to providing virtual instruction.
Design Thinking for Business Innovation	This course provides an overview of the process and tools used for design thinking, and examines their application in business situations.  	Design thinking is a popular new idea in the business world. Accelerated by the spectacular rise of Apple and IDEO, design thinking offers an approach better suited for dealing with the accelerating pressures for growth and innovation faced by so many firms and their managers today than business’ traditional analytic methods. But design thinking can remain mysterious for business students and managers interested in introducing this approach into their decision-making processes. Demystifying it is the focus of this course.Though designing as a craft requires years of dedicated education and talent to master, design thinking, as a problem solving approach, does not. In this course, we work with the following model that contains four questions and ten tools:&nbsp;The four sequential questions that take us on a journey through an assessment of current reality (What is?), the envisioning of a new future (What if?), the development of some concepts for new-business opportunities (What wows?), and the testing of some of those in the marketplace (What works?). The process of design thinking begins with data gathering: at the outset of the design process, designers gather a great deal of data on the users they want to create value for. &nbsp;They mostly do this through ethnographic methods like experience mapping, rather than traditional methods like focus groups and surveys. Farther along in the process, designers make their new ideas concrete (in the form of prototypes) and go out and get better data from the real world in a process that is hypothesis-driven. That is, they treat their new ideas as hypotheses to be tested. They surface the assumptions underlying their hypotheses and test them – usually looking for the kind of behavioral metrics that will allow them to iterate their way to improved value propositions.&nbsp;Accompanying the four questions is a set of new tools to help business people achieve the same kind of disciplined approach to innovation and growth that they bring to the rest of their business.
機率	這是一個機率的入門課程，著重的是教授機率基本概念。另外我們的作業將搭配台大電機系所開發的多人競技線上遊戲方式，讓同學在遊戲中快樂的學習，快速培養同學們對於機率的洞察力與應用能力。	由於人類的所知有限，無法完全掌握這個世界的所有運作。就如同一個沒念書的小孩，在考試時只能以過去的經驗揣摩老師的答案，何者機率最高。 人類在面對這個非全知的世界，就如同那小孩一般，只能以機率的概念來揣摩、了解這個世界，進而做決策。因此機率在很多的領域都普遍的被應用，如工程、財務等。  這門課程是機率的入門課程，我們將介紹機率的重要概念。有別於一般機率課程多著重於數學理論的證明，使得學生在面對實際問題時不知如何下手。這門課的教學將透過生活化的例子，讓同學學會如何「用」機率，如何應用機率的概念來解決實際的問題。  另外，我們在這個課程當中，將搭配使用我們在台灣大學所開發的多人競技線上遊戲系統，來幫助大家快速成長。這個遊戲的主要精神，便是由學生們自己設計一個機率題目，而後彼此競技，互相攻破他人的題目。我們會教同學如何設計題目。同學在設計題目的過程之中，可以快速養成對於機率題目的洞察力，這是傳統由老師指定題目較不易做到的。另外競技的過程中充滿樂趣，過去兩年台大電機的機率課搭配這套系統使用，有不少同學便因此對機率解題「上癮」。  想學機率嗎？想充滿樂趣的學習機率嗎？想跟全世界的學生一較高下一起學機率嗎？這是有史以來第一次在線上課程出現的多人競技線上遊戲，歡迎你一起來加入！
History of Rock, Part One	Learn about the early days of rock music, from the pre-rock years of the post World War II era through the birth of rock in the mid 1950s to the psychedelic era of the late 1960s.	This course, part 1 of a 2-course sequence, examines the&nbsp;history of rock, primarily&nbsp;as it unfolded in the United States,&nbsp;from the days before rock (pre-1955) to the end of the 1960s. This course covers the music of Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry, Phil Spector,&nbsp;Bob Dylan, the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, Cream, and many more artists, with an emphasis both on cultural context and on the music itself. We will also explore how developments in&nbsp;the music business and in technology helped shape the ways in which styles developed.&nbsp;Rock emerged in the mid 1950s as a blending of mainstream pop, rhythm and blues, and country and western--styles that previously&nbsp;had remained relatively separate. This new style became the music of the emerging youth culture and was often associated with teen rebellion. We will follow the story of how this rowdy first wave of rock and roll (1955-59) was tamed in the early 60s but came roaring back with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and then went psychedelic&nbsp;by the end of the decade.
Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy	Learn how to apply mathematical methods to philosophical problems and questions.	Since antiquity, philosophers have questioned the foundations--the foundations of the physical world, of our everyday experience, of our scientific knowledge, and of culture and society.&nbsp;In recent years, more and more young philosophers have become&nbsp;convinced that, in order to understand these foundations, and thus to make progress&nbsp;in philosophy, the use of mathematical methods is of crucial importance. This is what our course will be concerned with: mathematical philosophy, that is, philosophy done with the help of&nbsp;mathematical methods.As we will try to show, one&nbsp;can analyze philosophical concepts much more clearly in mathematical terms, one can derive philosophical conclusions from philosophical assumptions by mathematical proof, and one can build mathematical models in which we can study philosophical problems.So, as Leibniz would have said: even in philosophy, calculemus. Let's calculate.
Programmed cell death	Billions of cells in the body die every day. How and why do these cells die? If you want to know the answers to these questions and if you also would like to know how scientists figured them out, this course might interest you.	In this course, you will learn about the conserved, molecular machinery that eliminates cells through programmed cell death type I, also referred to as ‘apoptosis’. Through apoptosis many cells are eliminated from our body during development and throughout adult life, and deregulated apoptosis can lead to various diseases such as cancer and auto-immune diseases. Rather than just telling you about the molecular machinery of apoptosis and how it works to kill cells, I will walk you through and discuss with you the critical experiments that led to the discovery of the key components of this molecular machinery and the mechanisms through which they function.&nbsp;I will also discuss how apoptosis research can help to develop novel&nbsp;therapeutics and consider the questions that remain open in the field.The course will cover the following topics:  1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Introduction to programmed cell death and apoptosis  2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The BCL-2 family of proteins  3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Apaf proteins  4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Caspases  5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mechanisms that regulate apoptosis  6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Non-apoptotic functions of components of the central apoptosis machinery  7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Diseases caused by deregulated apoptosis
Global Health: Interdisciplinary Overview	This course proposes an overview of current global health challenges drawing on the insights of several academic disciplines including medicine, public health, law, economics, social sciences and humanities. This interdisciplinary approach will guide the student into seven critical topics in global health.	Course instructors: Prof. Antoine Geissbuhler, MD and Prof. Louis Loutan, MD Course director: Dr Samantha Battams, PhD Course coordinators: Dr Slim Slama, MD and Dr Didier Wernli Course assistant: Dr Rafael Ruiz De Castaneda, PhD  Our globalised world has posed new challenges for global health. Infectious diseases have the potential to travel quickly and spread widely across countries (e.g. due to increased international travel). The determinants of health (such as the food system) are across country borders, leading to a growing burden in non-communicable diseases in both developed and developing countries. Issues in traditionally non health sectors such as climate change or trade can have dramatic and worldwide effects on health and health systems.  These short examples illustrate what Global Health is about:&nbsp; issues that not only cross national boundaries but also disciplinary territories. In our interdependent world, more and more health issues cannot be addressed by a country nor by a sector alone and require collaboration, coordination and integration. The course will draw from academic personnel working across disciplines and the  wider community in international Geneva (e.g. international  organisations, NGOs). It will utilise an ecological or 'systems' perspective, along with a social determinants and human rights approach to health.
Fundamentals of Audio and Music Engineering: Part 1 Musical Sound & Electronics	In this course students learn the basic concepts of acoustics and electronics and how they can applied to understand musical sound and make music with electronic instruments.  Topics include: sound waves, musical sound, basic electronics, and applications of these basic principles in amplifiers and speaker design.  	This 6-week course is for students who are interested in learning the     basic concepts of sound &amp; acoustics and signals &amp; electronics as     they relate to music. The goal is for students to understand the basic     concepts and principles of musical acoustics and electronics and to learn     how equipment such as electric guitars, amplifiers, and loudspeakers are     designed and operate. Students are encouraged to put the theory into practice     by building a simple guitar practice amplifier. The course employs high-school     level algebra and trigonometry, no calculus is required.&nbsp;
Corporate Finance	This course is intended to provide a market-oriented framework for analyzing the major types of financial decisions made by corporations. Lectures and readings will provide an introduction to present value techniques, capital budgeting principles, asset valuation, the operation and efficiency of financial markets, the financial decisions of firms, and derivatives.	This course&nbsp;serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and&nbsp;investments) for graduate level business school students&nbsp;preparing for upper-level course work. The primary&nbsp;objective is to provide a framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions&nbsp;based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory.
Games without Chance: Combinatorial Game Theory 	This course will cover the mathematical theory and analysis of simple games without chance moves.	&nbsp;This course explores the mathematical theory of two player games without chance moves. We will cover simplifying games, determining when games are equivalent to numbers, and impartial games. Many of the examples will be with simple games that may be new to you: Hackenbush, Nim, Push, Toads and Frogs, and others. While this probably won’t make you a better chess or go player, the course will give you a better insight into the structure of games.     
Human-Computer Interaction	Helping you build human-centered design skills, so that you have the principles and methods to create excellent interfaces with any technology.	In this course, you will learn how to design technologies that bring people joy, rather than frustration. You'll learn several techniques for rapidly prototyping and evaluating multiple interface alternatives -- and why rapid prototyping and comparative evaluation are essential to excellent interaction design. You'll learn how to conduct fieldwork with people to help you get design ideas. How to make paper prototypes and low-fidelity mock-ups that are interactive -- and how to use these designs to get feedback from other stakeholders like your teammates, clients, and users. You'll learn principles of visual design so that you can effectively organize and present information with your interfaces. You'll learn principles of perception and cognition that inform effective interaction design. And you'll learn how to perform and analyze controlled experiments online. In many cases, we'll use Web design as the anchoring domain. A lot of the examples will come from the Web, and we'll talk just a bit about Web technologies in particular. When we do so, it will be to support the main goal of this course, which is helping you build human-centered design skills, so that you have the principles and methods to create excellent interfaces with any technology.
Astrobiology and the Search for Extraterrestrial Life	Learn about the origin and evolution of life and the search for life beyond the Earth.	Over two thousand years ago, the ancient Greeks wondered if other worlds were habitable. In the coming years this question will be experimentally tested. This course, offered by the UK Centre for Astrobiology at the University of Edinburgh,&nbsp;is an introduction to astrobiology. It explores the origin and evolution of life on the Earth and its potential to exist elsewhere. Astrobiology addresses compelling questions of wide interest such as: How did life originate on the Earth? Is this an inevitable process and is life common across the Universe? Astrobiology is an interdisciplinary science that bridges fields as diverse as astrophysics, biology, geosciences and chemistry.  In this course we will explore what we know about life’s ability to live in extreme environments on the Earth, we will look at different hypotheses for how it originated. We will look at some of the missions to search for life in our own Solar System and on planets orbiting distant stars. We will discuss some of the extreme environments on the Earth that help us understand the limits of life and how life has adapted to cope with extremes. We will explore the possibility of intelligent alien life and some of the implications of its detection. The course will provide a foundation in astrobiology and introduce students to concepts in a diversity of scientific fields.
Analytical Chemistry / Instrumental Analysis	If chemistry is the science of stuff, then analytical chemistry answers the question: what is it? And how much of it do you have? This course teaches how to do this with instrumental analysis! 	This course covers about a half a semester of instrumental analysis which is a standard part of the undergraduate chemistry curriculum. Any chemist has to understand how to analyze samples - whether they are water samples, blood samples or bits of a painting. Most often chemists do this using instruments of some sort. Machines like mass spectrometers or gas chromatographs can indicate both what's in a sample (qualitative) as well as how much of something there is(quantitative). If you are fascinated by shows like CSI, and have enough basic chemistry, this course would be great for you. However, the course is first and foremost designed for chemistry students working towards their degree.Students who complete this class will understand that analytical instruments are not black boxes, but rather complex tools whose utility depends in detail on how analysts both configure and apply them. Towards that end there are three pimary objectives. First, students will learn facts about major classes of instruments commonly used in chemical analysis. Their knowledge will be captured by the ability to block diagram these complex pieces of equipment, and tailor the specifications to the measurement needs. Second, the course will cover the basics of instrumental calibration and quality control. Analysts will develop the ability to apply calibration curves, internal standards and the method of standard addition as needed for various measurement problems. Finally, students must learn how to select and tailor the best instrumental method given a particular measurement need. This higher level skill involves critical evaluation of the strengths and limitations of the various method, and the ability to understand the context behind a measurement need.
Fundamentals of Electrical Engineering	This course probes fundamental ideas in electrical engineering, seeking to understand how electrical signals convey information, how bits can represent smooth signals like music and how modern communication systems work.	The course focuses on the creation, manipulation, transmission, and reception of information by electronic means. The topics covered include elementary signal theory; time- and frequency-domain analysis of signals; conversion of analog signals to a digital form; and how information can be represented with signals. Signal processing, both analog and digital, allow information to be extracted and manipulated. The course then turns to information theory, which demonstrates the technological advantages of digital transmission.  The course text was written by the instructor for this course and is entirely online. You can print your own hard copy or view the material entirely online.
Nanotechnology: The Basics	Nanotechnology is an emerging area that engages almost every technical discipline – from chemistry to computer science – in the study and application of extremely tiny materials.  This short course allows any technically savvy person to go one layer beyond the surface of this broad topic to see the real substance behind the very small.	Nanotechnology is an exciting research area that spans disciplines from electrical engineering to biology. &nbsp;Over the last two decades the basic science of this area has launched new technologies, the first examples of which are finding their way into commercial products. &nbsp;This eight lecture course will provide students with a birds eye view into this fast moving area and leave students with an appreciation of the importance and foundation of super small materials and devices.
Chemistry: Concept Development and Application	This introduction to fundamental chemical concepts of atomic and molecular structure will emphasize the development of these concepts from experimental observations and scientific reasoning.	This course will cover an introduction to the atomic molecular structure of matter, similar to a typical first semester General Chemistry course. &nbsp;The fundamental concepts will be introduced via the Concept Development Approach developed at Rice University and utilizing a free on-line textbook, Concept Development Studies in Chemistry, available via Rice’s Connexions project. &nbsp;In this approach, rather than simply telling you the concepts you need to know and then asking you to memorize them or apply them, we will develop these concepts from experimental observations and scientific reasoning. &nbsp;There are several reasons for using this approach. &nbsp;One reason is that most of us our inductive learners, meaning that we like to make specific observations and then generalize from there. &nbsp;Many of the most significant concepts in Chemistry are counter-intuitive. &nbsp;When we see where those concepts come from, we can more readily accept them, explain them, and apply them. A second reason is that scientific reasoning in general and Chemistry reasoning in particular are inductive processes. &nbsp;This Concept Development approach illustrates those reasoning processes. &nbsp;A third reason is that this is simply more interesting. &nbsp;The structure and reactions of matter are fascinating puzzles to be solved by observation and reasoning. &nbsp;It is more fun intellectually when we can solve those puzzles together, rather than simply have the answers to the riddles revealed at the outset.
Building an Information Risk Management Toolkit	In this course, you will explore several structured, risk management approaches that guide information security decision-making.  	In this course, you will explore several structured, risk management approaches that guide information security decision-making. Course topics include: developing and maintaining risk assessments (RA); developing and maintaining risk management plans (RM); regulatory and legal compliance issues affecting risk plans; developing a control framework for mitigating risks; risk transfer; business continuity and disaster recovery planning from the information security perspective.Consider upgrading to an enhanced, more rigorous version of this course offered online at the University of Washington. You’ll gain access to meaningful interaction with instructors and additional assignments, readings and multimedia material, as well as earn a valuable University of Washington credential.
Artificial Intelligence Planning	The course aims to provide a foundation in artificial intelligence techniques for planning, with an overview of the wide spectrum of different problems and approaches, including their underlying theory and their applications.	The course aims to provide a foundation in artificial intelligence techniques for planning, with an overview of the wide spectrum of different problems and approaches, including their underlying theory and their applications. It will allow you to:  Understand different planning problems Have the basic know how to design and implement AI planning systems Know how to use AI planning technology for projects in different application domains Have the ability to make use of AI planning literature   Planning is a fundamental part of intelligent systems. In this course, for example, you will learn the basic algorithms that are used in robots to deliberate over a course of actions to take. Simpler, reactive robots don't need this, but if a robot is to act intelligently, this type of reasoning about actions is vital.
Computational Neuroscience	Understanding how the brain works is one of the fundamental challenges in science today. This course will introduce you to basic computational techniques for analyzing, modeling, and understanding the behavior of cells and circuits in the brain. You do not need to have any prior background in neuroscience to take this course.	This course provides an introduction to basic computational methods for understanding what nervous systems do and for determining how they function. We will explore the computational principles governing various aspects of vision, sensory-motor control, learning, and memory. Specific topics that will be covered include representation of information by spiking neurons, processing of information in neural networks, and algorithms for adaptation and learning. We will make use of Matlab demonstrations and exercises to gain a deeper understanding of concepts and methods introduced in the course. The course is primarily aimed at third- or fourth-year undergraduates and beginning graduate students, as well as professionals and distance learners interested in learning how the brain processes information.
Computational Methods for Data Analysis	Exploratory and objective data analysis methods applied to the physical, engineering, and biological sciences. 	Exploratory and objective data analysis methods applied to the physical, engineering, and biological sciences. Brief review of statistical methods and their computational implementation for studying time series analysis, spectral analysis, filtering methods, principal component analysis, orthogonal mode decomposition, and image processing and compression.
How Music Works	How Music Works is an exploration of the mechanics of musical composition and expression, examining the internal workings of music to uncover how and why music impacts the human psyche.	Designed as a course for all students, regardless of background, “How Music Works” is appropriate for anyone with a love of music and a curiosity about how it functions.&nbsp; Prior experience with music is welcome but not required, and music reading ability is not needed in order to participate.&nbsp; Topics covered include: rudiments of musical notation and analysis, psychoacoustics, meaning in music, and the interaction of the basic building blocks of sonic art such as rhythm, melody, and harmony.&nbsp; Activities include examinations of musical examples from a variety of cultures and time periods, in-class music making, and readings that address the techniques of musical creation and the power and importance that music has in all human societies.
Pattern-Oriented Software Architectures for Concurrent and Networked Software	In this course we will learn how to apply patterns, pattern languages, and frameworks to alleviate the complexity of developing concurrent and networked software.   	The advent of multi-core and distributed-core processors, coupled with&nbsp;ubiquitous wireless and wired connectivity, is driving the need for&nbsp;software engineers and programmers&nbsp;who understand how to develop concurrent&nbsp;and networked software. Despite many improvements in processors and&nbsp;networks, however, developing concurrent and networked software&nbsp;remains hard and&nbsp;developing high quality reusable concurrent and&nbsp;networked software is even harder. &nbsp;The principles, methods, and&nbsp;skills required to develop such software are best learned by&nbsp;understanding patterns, pattern languages, and frameworks.   A pattern is general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem within a given context in software design.  When related patterns are woven together they form a pattern language that provides a process for the orderly resolution of software development problems.  Frameworks can be viewed as concrete realizations of pattern languages that facilitate direct reuse of design and code.   This course describes how to apply patterns, pattern languages, and frameworks to&nbsp;alleviate the complexity of developing concurrent and networked&nbsp;software via the use of object-oriented design techniques and&nbsp;programming language features, distribution middleware, and advanced operating&nbsp;system mechanisms. &nbsp;Case studies from the domains of mobile&nbsp;apps, web servers, communication middleware,&nbsp;and avionics systems will be used to showcase pattern-oriented software architecture design and programming techniques&nbsp;for concurrent and networked software.
Nutrition, Health, and Lifestyle: Issues and Insights	This six week course will explore nutrition concepts that take center stage in mainstream media outlets and become conversation topics among consumers interested in food choice as it relates to optimal health and physical performance.	Separate fact from fiction and fads as you learn about core nutrition concepts and how to evaluate not only personal food choices and overall dietary patterns, but nutrition related&nbsp;content in the media and in advertising. Such topics include fundamentals of a healthful eating pattern, nutrition labeling, dietary supplements, fortified and “super” foods, plant-based nutrition, and nutrition and fitness. The course will also include an overview of nutrition fundamentals as they relate to human health.  During this course you will have the opportunity to:Analyze and evaluate your own food and beverage intake using a reputable nutrient database.Research of a dietary supplement of your choosing using credible informational websites as well as evidence-based medical literature.Personally examine the concept of energy balance through determination of your calorie needs, intake and expenditure.
Fundamentals of Human Nutrition	This introductory course provides an overview of the principles of nutritional science. Subject matter includes description and functions of nutrients, digestion and absorption, effects of nutrient deficiencies and toxicities, requirements, food sources, nutrient interactions, dietary guidelines, and the role of nutrition in health and disease.	After completing this course, students will be able to:Identify the nutrients needed by humans and explain their major functions in the body, dietary sources, and the effects of insufficient as well as excessive intakes.Describe the processes of food digestion and absorption and nutrient utilization.Explain the meaning of energy balance, and methods to calculate energy needs
Global Sustainable Energy: Past, Present and Future	Students will explore energy consumption patterns including individuals, countries and the entire globe. These patterns will include all sectors of the global economy from fully developed countries to developing nations. New energy sources will be investigated and international solutions to future needs will be analyzed.	This general education course will cover concepts of work and energy and their relationship with our modern society. Each aspect of this relationship with energy will be analyzed including consumptive patterns for the residential, commercial, industrial, and transportation sectors of our economy. Geological sources for fossil fuels will be examined as will the differences between reserves and production. Energy capacities and limitations for new sources of renewable energies will also be examined. All of these topics will be examined within a national and international context.
Malicious Software and its Underground Economy: Two Sides to Every Story	Learn about traditional and mobile malware, the security threats they represent, state-of-the-art analysis and detection techniques, and the underground ecosystem that drives such a profitable but illegal business.	Cybercrime has become both more widespread and harder to battle. Researchers and anecdotal experience show that the cybercrime scene is becoming increasingly organized and consolidated, with strong links also to traditional criminal networks. Modern attacks are indeed stealthy and often profit oriented.  Malicious software (malware) is the traditional way in which cybercriminals infect user and enterprise hosts to gain access to their private, financial, and intellectual property data. Once stolen, such information can enable more sophisticated attacks, generate illegal revenue, and allow for cyber-espionage. By mixing a practical, hands-on approach with the theory and techniques behind the scene, the course discusses the current academic and underground research in the field, trying to answer the foremost question about malware and underground economy, namely, "Should we care?".&nbsp;Students will learn how traditional and mobile malware work, how they are analyzed and detected, peering through the underground ecosystem that drives this profitable but illegal business.  Understanding how malware operates is of paramount importance to form knowledgeable experts, teachers, researchers, and practitioners able to fight back.  Besides, it allows us to gather intimate knowledge of the systems and the threats, which is a necessary step to successfully devise novel, effective, and practical mitigation techniques.
Introduction to Systematic Program Design - Part 1	This course is about learning to program well: building programs that are elegant, well tested and easy to maintain.  The course is intended for students with no programming experience, but many former students who already knew how to program have said it made them better programmers.	Phones, diesel engines, animated newspapers, medical devices, games, political     campaigns, medical research, mining, transportation systems, ... and so     on, and on, and on... every day more of the world around us is at least     partly run by computer programs. This means that being able to design programs     - or at least be able to work with people who design programs - is becoming     a more and more valuable skill. To build your own programs you need to know two things: how to use the     specific programming language and libraries needed, and the more general     skill of how to design a program. This course presents a design method that will enable you to approach     the design of complex programs systematically. The method will work for     programs in this course as well as hard to design programs you develop     in the future. Using this method you will learn how to model the information in a problem     domain, how to structure program data to mirror that information and how     to further structure the data to lead to a well organized program. You     will also learn to distinguish those parts of a program that are naturally     data driven, from those that should use an alternative algorithmic approach.     The method uses unit-tests to both produce a better developed design, and     to test your program as you develop it. The course has a two-phase structure. In the first phase we use a simple     teaching language to cover the core of the design method. The second phase     consists of parallel tracks, with each track using a different popular     programming language and focusing on a different kind of problem. This     will help you bring the design method to whatever language and problem     domain interests you.
Tinkering Fundamentals: Integrating Making Activities into Your STEM Classroom	Tinkering activities provide a powerful way to inspire students' interest, engagement, and understanding in science.  The fundamentals of tinkering course provides research-based insights into design principles and learning indicators related to high-quality STEM-rich tinkering.  Classroom activities will involve electricity and magnetism as well as force and motion.	Tinkering is an age-old human practice that has recently been introduced into the educational field as a potential driver of creativity, excitement, and innovation in science learning. It is seen by many as an effective means to engage students in exploring STEM concepts, practices and phenomena. Tinkering typically blends the high and low tech tools of science along with a strong aesthetic dimension that supports children’s self expression. For over a decade, the Exploratorium has been developing science-rich tinkering activities. Working with learning scientists, we have identified a set of design principles and indicators of learning that can help you to integrate tinkering activities into your elementary and middle school science programs. This course will focus on key design elements of high quality science-rich tinkering activities, facilitation strategies, and environmental organization. Selected classroom tinkering activities will involve electricity and magnetism as well as force and motion.&nbsp; Using a library of video exemplars, we will review the ways in which tinkering supports students' science learning through providing opportunities for them to deepen engagement, intentionality, innovation, collaboration, and understanding. This course will excite you, inspire you, and get you and your students tinkering in no time.
Organizational Analysis	In this introductory course, you will learn multiple theories of organizational behavior and apply them to actual cases of organizational change.	It is hard to imagine living in modern society without participating in or interacting with organizations. The ubiquity and variability of organizations means there is ample room for complexity and confusion in the organizational challenges we regularly face. Through this course, students will consider cases describing various organizational struggles: school systems and politicians attempting to implement education reforms; government administrators dealing with an international crisis; technology firms trying to create a company ethos that sustains worker commitment; and even two universities trying to gain international standing by performing a merger. Each case is full of details and complexity. So how do we make sense of organizations and the challenges they face, let alone develop means of managing them in desired directions? While every detail can matter, some matter more than others. This is why we rely on organizational theories -- to focus our attention and draw out relevant features in a sensible way.Through this course you will come to see that there is nothing more practical than a good theory. Every week, you’ll learn a different organizational theory, and it will become a lens through which you can interpret concrete organizational situations. Armed with a toolset of theories, you will then be able to systematically identify important features of an organization and the events transforming it – and use the theories to predict which actions will best redirect the organization in a desired direction.
Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)	Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet en l'illustrant en langage Java. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours «Initiation à la programmation (en Java)».	Présentation et mise en pratique en Java des concepts de base de la programmation orientée objet&nbsp;: objets, classes, méthodes, encapsulation, polymorphisme, ...Bien que nous vous garantissons les bases pour programmer de façon autonomedans  le langage Java, ce cours&nbsp; se concentre avant tout sur les concepts de  programmation, plutôt que sur les détails du langage lui-même.&nbsp; Ainsi, après avoir suivi ce cours, vous devriez également pouvoirfacilement aborder par vous-mêmes de nouveaux langages deprogrammation.Ce cours est conçu pour être prolongé par les aspects orienté-objet, présentés dans le cours&nbsp; «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». Il est la continuation logique du cours d'introduction «Initiation à la programmation (en Java)».
Web Intelligence and Big Data	This course is about building 'web-intelligence' applications exploiting big data sources arising social media, mobile devices and sensors, using new big-data platforms based on the 'map-reduce' parallel programming paradigm. During the fall semester this course is offered at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi as well as the Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi. 	The past decade has witnessed the successful of application of many AI techniques used at `web-scale’, on what are popularly referred to as big data platforms based on the map-reduce parallel computing paradigm and associated technologies such as distributed file systems, no-SQL databases and stream computing engines. Online advertising, machine translation, natural language understanding, sentiment mining, personalized medicine, and national security are some examples of such AI-based web-intelligence applications that are already in the public eye. Others, though less apparent, impact the operations of large enterprises from sales and marketing to manufacturing and supply chains. In this course we explore some such applications, the AI/statistical techniques that make them possible, along with parallel implementations using map-reduce and related platforms.
Intermediate Organic Chemistry - Part 2	Organic chemistry course covering intermediate topics in structure and reactivity with special applications to the life sciences.	This course covers topics on the structure and reactivity of organic compounds with an emphasis on bioorganic chemistry and applications to life sciences. &nbsp;Stereochemical concepts and aspects of non-covalent interactions relevant to enzyme-catalyzed reactions are presented. &nbsp;The mechanistic approach of this course is designed to help students build intuition about how bioorganic compounds undergo their chemical transformations. The structure and reactivity of the major classes of bioorganic molecules - proteins, carbohydrates, and nucleic acids - will be covered in detail. An introduction to biosynthesis will be presented, along with the use of contemporary literature and structural databases. Throughout the course, emphasis will be placed on mechanism-based problem-solving skills to help students understand and think critically about the organic chemistry of living systems. This course, orgchem2b, and its prerequisite, orgchem2a, are equivalent to a second-semester organic chemistry course; these courses are well suited for students in agricultural, nutritional and biological sciences, as well as premedical, predental, and preveterinary programs.
Introductory Organic Chemistry - Part 2	Organic chemistry course surveying introductory topics in structure and reactivity with an emphasis on elementary reaction mechanisms.	This course surveys the reactions of organic compounds with an emphasis on mechanisms and a structure-based approach to understanding reactivity. &nbsp;Concepts and models are developed to build intuition about the reactivity of organic compounds. These concepts will prepare students for a mechanistic-based approach to learning organic reactivity. Emphasis will also be placed on developing problem-solving skills unique to organic chemistry. This course, orgchem1b, together with its prerequisite, orgchem1a are equivalent to a first-semester organic chemistry course; these courses and the subsequent courses (orgchem2a and orgchem2b) are especially suited for students in agricultural, nutritional and biological sciences, as well as premedical, predental, and preveterinary programs.
Intermediate Organic Chemistry - Part 1	Organic chemistry course covering intermediate topics in structure and reactivity with emphasis on electronic structure, pericyclic reactions and aromatic heterocycles.	This course covers intermediate topics on the structure and reactivity of organic compounds with an emphasis on electronic structure, pericyclic reactions and the chemistry of heteroaromatic compounds. Mechanistic concepts and models of reactivity are developed to build intuition about how organic compounds undergo their chemical transformations. An emphasis will be placed on developing problem-solving skills using frontier molecular orbitals to prepare students to think critically about the organic chemistry of living systems (e.g., nucleic acids, aromatic and heteroaromatic amino acids, etc.). This course and Part 2&nbsp;are equivalent to a second-semester organic chemistry course, and these courses are especially suited for students in agricultural, nutritional and biological sciences, as well as premedical, predental, and preveterinary programs.
Teaching Character                and Creating Positive Classrooms 	Positive psychology meets K-12 pedagogy. This course explores key ideas of positive psychology and shows how great teachers apply those lessons to maximize student engagement and accomplishment.  Through lectures, discussions, interviews and footage of great educators in action, you’ll learn how to integrate character-based objectives into your own teaching.	Psychology, sociology, and neuroscience point to the existence of a set of developable character strengths that serve as building blocks for positive life outcomes. That’s why, in our view, character development and content mastery act as the two complementary halves of remarkable teaching. But they’re often perceived to be in competition. When you ask parents about their goals for their children, they almost always respond with terms like, “successful,” “happy,” “curious,” and “being kind to others.” But when you ask schools about their goals, they often reply in terms of academic content, like “algebra,” “subject-verb agreement,” and “the periodic table.”   Great teachers have always united those two visions.  This course explores the interconnection between character research, education, and academic rigor. During our sessions, we’ll cover the field of positive psychology as it relates to character strengths, as well as the concepts of Growth Mindset, Constructive Responding, and Character Behavior Language. We will engage with the existing research, hear from eminent scholars in the field and top K-12 educators, and view footage of classroom teachers integrating these ideas into their classroom instruction.  The course will explore questions like:         How can positive psychology help us maximize student engagement and accomplishment?     What does it look like to implement a growth mindset in your classroom?     Can you teach grit in the classroom? If so, how?     Should an educator measure character? If so, how?               
Integrating Engineering Into Your Science Classroom	This is an Exploratorium Teacher Institute professional development course open to any middle or high school science teacher.  This course is designed to help science teachers infuse their curriculum with activities that support the NGSS engineering practices.	This course explores various strategies that middle and high school teachers can use to integrate engineering practices into science lessons and laboratory investigations that they already do. This course will start by comparing and contrasting the research methods employed by scientists and engineers. The course will then demonstrate ways that teachers can facilitate, sequence, and assess lessons designed to help students understand and apply engineering principles. These principles include learning to (1) design within constraints, (2) analyze and interpret data, (3) construct models, and (4) conduct iterative tests. Upon completing this course, teachers will possess a deeper understanding of engineering and be able to effectively teach engineering processes to their students.
Introduction to Computational Finance and Financial Econometrics	Learn mathematical and statistical tools and techniques used in quantitative and computational finance. Use the open source R statistical programming language to analyze financial data, estimate statistical models, and construct optimized portfolios. Analyze real world data and solve real world problems.	Learn mathematical, programming and statistical tools used in the real world analysis and modeling of financial data. Apply these tools to model asset returns, measure risk, and construct optimized portfolios using the open source R programming language and Microsoft Excel. &nbsp;Learn how to build probability models for asset returns, to apply statistical techniques to evaluate if asset returns are normally distributed, to use Monte Carlo simulation and bootstrapping techniques to evaluate statistical models, and to use optimization methods to construct efficient portfolios.
Analytic Combinatorics	Analytic Combinatorics teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. This course introduces the symbolic method to derive functional relations among ordinary, exponential, and multivariate generating functions, and methods in complex analysis for deriving accurate asymptotics from the GF equations.	Analytic Combinatorics is based on formal methods for deriving functional relationships on generating functions and asymptotic analysis treating those functions as functions in the complex plane.&nbsp;This course covers the symbolic method for defining generating functions immediately from combinatorial constructions, then develops methods for directly deriving asymptotic results from those generating functions, using complex asymptotics, singularity analysis, saddle-point asymptotics, and limit laws.&nbsp;The course teaches the precept "if you can specify it, you can analyze it".
Analysis of Algorithms	This course teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. In addition, this course covers generating functions and real asymptotics and then introduces the symbolic method in the context of applications in the analysis of algorithms and basic structures such as permutations, trees, strings, words, and mappings.	Analysis of Algorithms aims to enable precise quantitative predictions of the properties of large combinatorial structures. The theory has emerged over recent decades as essential both for the scientific analysis of algorithms in computer science and for the study of scientific models in many other disciplines, including probability theory, statistical physics, computational biology and information theory. This course covers recurrence relations, generating functions, asymptotics, and fundamental structures such as trees, permutations, strings, tries, words, and mappings, in the context of applications to the analysis of algorithms.
Financial Markets	An overview of the ideas, methods, and institutions that permit human society to manage risks and foster enterprise. 	Financial institutions are a pillar of civilized society, supporting people in their productive ventures and managing the economic risks they take on. The workings of these institutions are important to comprehend if we are to predict their actions today and their evolution in the coming information age. The course strives to offer understanding of the theory of finance and its relation to the history, strengths and imperfections of such institutions as banking, insurance, securities, futures, and other derivatives markets, and the future of these institutions over the next century.
Moralities of Everyday Life	How can we explain kindness and cruelty? Where does our sense of right and wrong come from? Why do people so often disagree about moral issues? This course explores the psychological foundations of our moral lives. 	How is it that we are capable of transcendent kindness—and unspeakable cruelty? How do we make sense of people’s strongly-held opinions about abortion, gay marriage, affirmative action, and torture? How do evolution, culture, and religion conspire to shape our moral natures?  These are among the most important—and most exciting—questions around, and they are the focus of this course. We will explore the modern science of moral belief and moral action, drawing upon disciplines such as cognitive science, neuroscience, economics, and philosophy. We will look at research from the lab, from the community, and from the battlefield; we will discuss babies, monkeys, and psychopaths; we will debate claims about moral differences between men and women, liberals and conservatives, Christians and Muslims. This course will cover prejudice and bigotry, sexuality and purity; punishment, revenge, and forgiveness; and much much more.&nbsp;
Constitutional Law	An introduction to the main themes of the American Constitution—popular sovereignty, separation of powers, federalism, and rights—and to basic techniques of constitutional interpretation. 	This course is designed to introduce you to one of the most important     texts in human history—the United States Constitution.&nbsp; Why and how     did this document come into existence in the 1780s?&nbsp; How and why has     it been amended over the years?&nbsp; Who decides what it means?&nbsp;     What are the ground rules for proper constitutional interpretation?&nbsp;     How does the written Constitution interact with unwritten sources of constitutional     authority, such as judicial decisions, presidential proclamations, landmark     statutes, and widespread popular understandings? 
First Year Teaching (Elementary Grades) - Success from the Start	Success with your students starts on Day 1. Learn from NTC's 25 years developing key skills and strategies to create positive, productive classroom environments where students thrive. How do you build relationships with Elementary Grade (K-6) students, establish and maintain behavioral expectations, implement classroom procedures and routines, and use instructional time effectively?	Developing mastery in establishing and maintaining a rich learning environment is one of the great joys of being a teacher. This course will provide high leverage strategies, resources, and support for professional growth so that you can provide students with the engaging, safe environment essential for student learning. This course is aligned to the needs of Elementary Grade teachers (self-contained K-6, or teaching the same set of students usually under 12 years old).This course will teach you how to implement research-based strategies in the following areas: Setting and communicating high expectations for students; Building positive relationships with and between students; Organizing the learning environment; Behavioral preventions and interventions; and Establishing and maintaining routines and procedures that support student learning. Stellar classrooms don’t just happen—they’re created with the kind of intentional planning and preparation this course offers so that you and your students can be successful from the start!
Surviving Your Rookie Year of Teaching: 3 Key Ideas & High Leverage Techniques	Learn the key ideas and techniques that you need to survive - and thrive - as a rookie teacher. 	Frustration. Hard Knocks. Sleepless nights. Tears.  Those are just a few of the ways that rookie teachers describe their first year in the profession. And those sentiments have been validated by countless research studies that show that students, on average, learn significantly less when they’re taught by rookies. Unfortunately, many educators believe this is a necessary “rite of passage” – a sort of hazing that one must experience on their path to effective teaching.  We don’t believe that.  Over the past 6 years, the Match Teacher Residency has developed and refined an approach to specifically address the challenges that are unique to the rookie teacher experience. In this four-week course, we’ll explore the three ideas that we've found to contribute radically to success as a rookie teacher.  1. Develop Classroom Management Automaticity Certain skills that delay a novice are automatic for an expert. Dribbling a basketball. Driving a car. Addressing classroom misbehavior is similarly difficult for a novice and effortless for an expert. At one moment the novice teacher might let a particular misbehavior slide entirely; at another they might respond too harshly; and at yet another they might respond with halting uncertainty. In this part of our course, we’ll cover concrete techniques and exercises that can help a rookie teacher develop the classroom management automaticity of an expert.  2. Practice Good Ratio&nbsp; Teachers love the spotlight. Often, a natural taste for being the center of attention might have drawn somebody to teaching in the first place. But we’ve concluded that there’s an inverse relationship between a teacher’s talking and his/her students’ learning: the more you talk, the less they learn. Doug Lemov from Uncommon Schools first coined the term “Ratio:” the amount of teacher work in a lesson compared to the amount of student work. Rookie teachers tend to have very bad Ratio because they often spend more energy thinking about their lessons in terms of what they want to say rather than what they want their students to do. In this part of our course, we’ll address when and how to use specific techniques such as “Turn and Talks” and “Stop and Jots” and “Student-to-Student Interactions” to get students to do more of the intellectual heavy-lifting in lessons.  3. Call Parents Many preparation programs counsel new teachers to build positive relationships with parents, but few show them exactly how to approach that work. Lacking those details, it’s no surprise that rookie teachers quickly become overwhelmed by all of the aspects of their job that seem more pressing and urgent. “Sure it would be nice to have better relationships with parents, but it certainly doesn’t feel like a priority, when I’m drowning in papers to grade, lessons to plan and a messy class to organize!” We understand that sentiment, but we believe a teacher should view his/her investment of time in building relationships with parents as a key strategy for motivating students to give more effort in class. In this part of the course, we will very precisely show teachers how much time to spend phoning parents, what to say, and how to say it.  Course Learning Outcomes:  o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe the concept of classroom management automaticity     as it relates to student learning outcomes for rookie teachers. o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe, analyze and practice techniques that enhance     management automaticity. o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe the concept of Ratio as it relates to student     learning outcomes for rookie teachers. o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe, analyze and practice techniques that enhance     instructional Ratio. o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe the impact of calling parents on student learning     outcomes.&nbsp;  
How Things Work 1	An introduction to physics in the context of everyday objects.	Designed for non-science students, this course is a practical  introduction to physics and science in everyday life. It considers  objects from the world around us, identifying and exploring the  scientific concepts upon which they're based. Because it starts with  objects and looks within them for science, it is the reverse of a  traditional physics class. Instead of the usual principle-driven physics  class, How Things Work is case-study physics. In this pilot semester of  How Things Work, we will explore the basic laws of motion in the  context of six familiar objects or activities: (1) Skating, (2) Falling  Balls, (3) Ramps, (4) Seesaws, (5) Wheels, and (6) Bumper Cars. Despite  their simplicity, these topics will bring us in contact with some of the  most important concepts in physics, including inertia, energy, and  momentum. 
The Modern World: Global History since 1760	This is a survey of modern history from a global perspective. It begins with the revolutions of the late 1700s, tracks the transformation of the world during the 1800s, and analyzes the cataclysms of last century, concluding with the new phase of world history we are experiencing today.	This is a survey course in modern world history for students, beginning or advanced, who wish to better understand how the world got to be the way it is today. In order to understand modern history, a global perspective is essential. This is true whether you are interested in economics, warfare, philosophy, politics, or even pop culture. This course can therefore be essential for students in many fields, a base equipping them with tools for lifelong learning.&nbsp;   In its current form, the course on Coursera is not offered for college credit. But it is a vital part of the for credit course on this topic being offered at the University of Virginia in the spring semester of 2013. Both the Coursera and the UVA students will use the same online material as a common foundation for their different learning experiences.&nbsp; This is the material to survey 'what happened' and the big questions about how to explain so many changes – some of those questions that start with:&nbsp; "Why?"&nbsp; (The students in the UVA course then supplement this online material with a lot of additional reading, research projects about the histories of particular communities around the world, in-person tutorials and discussions both with me and with their graduate teaching assistants, and examinations.)   It is tempting to think that if we can just understand the big patterns, we don't have to get too caught up in the details. In this course, though, we care about chronology. We care about individuals. Without some careful attention to sequences of cause and effect, without tracing how big changes come from the choices made by particular people, history can turn into just a series of descriptions, a somewhat tiresome recitation of one thing after another. Not this course. So a big part of what we will do is not only offer a set of remarkable stories, but also offer you training in how to analyze a situation and&nbsp;how to think about problems of explaining change.
Creative, Serious and Playful Science of Android Apps	This course introduces the fundamental computer science principles that power today&rsquo;s apps. You will also learn to create your own Android app using Java and standard software development tools.	This course is a novice-friendly and delightful introduction to computer science and programming Android-apps for smart-phones and tablets. No prior programming knowledge is necessary. In this course you'll have fun learning to create an app for modern Android devices such as the Nexus tablet. You'll use the programming tools that Android software developers use and build a complete and useful app during this course. Along the way, we'll introduce fundamental computer science principles and programming ideas that power today&rsquo;s smart-phone and tablet apps. A reasonably modern and powerful Linux, Windows or Mac-OSX computer is required. A modern Android tablet (such as the $199 Nexus 7) &nbsp;is useful but not-required because you&rsquo;ll be able to use a virtual tablet that runs on your computer.
VLSI CAD:  Logic to Layout	A modern VLSI chip has a zillion parts -- logic, control, memory, interconnect, etc.  How do we design these complex chips?  Answer: CAD software tools.  Learn how to build these tools in this class.	A modern VLSI chip is a remarkably complex beast: &nbsp;billions of transistors, millions of logic gates deployed for computation and control, big blocks of memory, embedded blocks of pre-designed functions designed by third parties (called “intellectual property” or IP blocks). &nbsp;How do people manage to design these complicated chips? &nbsp;Answer: &nbsp;a sequence of computer aided design (CAD) tools takes an abstract description of the chip, and refines it step-wise to a final design. This class focuses on the major design tools used in the creation of an Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) or System on Chip (SoC) design. &nbsp;Our focus is on the key representations that make it possible to synthesize, and to verify, these designs, as they move from logic to layout. &nbsp; Our goal is for students to understand how the tools themselves work, at the level of their fundamental algorithms and data structures. You should be taking this course if (1) you are interested in building VLSI design tools; &nbsp;(2) you are interested in designing VLSI chips, and you want to know why the tools do what they do; &nbsp;(3) you just like cool algorithms, that work on big cool problems that involve bits, and gates, and geometry, and graphs, and matrices, and time, and...
Planet Earth	Planet Earth, an overview of geology, discusses how earthquakes, volcanoes, mountain building, floods, ice ages, evolution, climate, and plate tectonics have interacted over deep time to produce a our dynamic island in space, and its unique landscapes.	Earthquakes, volcanoes, mountain building, ice ages, landslides, floods, life evolution, plate motions—all of these phenomena have interacted over the vast expanses of deep time to sculpt the dynamic planet that we live on today. &nbsp;Planet Earth presents an overview of our home, from a geological perspective. &nbsp;We learn how the elements comprising the Earth formed in the guts of stars and supernovae, how Earth and its Solar System neighbors formed from a vast cloud of gas and dust over 4.5 billion years ago. &nbsp;And how the atmosphere, oceans, and rocks of our planet form and change. &nbsp;We will emphasize how plate tectonics—the grand unifying theory of geology—explains how the map of our planet's surface has changed radically over geologic time, and why as present-day geologic activity—including a variety of devastating natural disasters—occur where they do. &nbsp;We will also discuss the fascinating interactions and exchanges that take place among land, sea, air, and life, and how these interactions they result in the great variety of landscapes—from deserts to glaciers—that make our planet unique, and influence climate change in the past and, potentially the future. &nbsp;Finally, we will delve into the processes that produce the energy and mineral resources that modern society depends on, to help understand the context of the environment and sustainability challenges that we will face in the future.
Introduction to Sustainability	This course introduces the academic discipline of sustainability and explores how today’s human societies can endure in the face of global change, ecosystem degradation and resource limitations.	This course introduces the academic approach of Sustainability and explores how today’s human societies can endure in the face of global change, ecosystem degradation and resource limitations. The course focuses on key knowledge areas of sustainability theory and practice, including population, ecosystems, global change, energy, agriculture, water, environmental economics and policy, ethics, and cultural history. This subject is of vital importance, seeking as it does to uncover the principles of the long-term welfare of all the peoples of the planet. As sustainability is a cross-disciplinary field of study, this foundation requires intellectual breadth: as I describe it in the class text, understanding our motivations requires the humanities, measuring the challenges of sustainability requires knowledge of the sciences (both natural and social), and building solutions requires technical insight into systems (such as provided by engineering, planning, and management).
Grow to Greatness: Smart Growth for Private Businesses, Part I	This course focuses on the common growth challenges faced by existing private businesses when they attempt to grow substantially.	Most entrepreneurship courses focus on how to start a business. Few focus on the next big entrepreneurial inflection point: how do you successfully grow an existing private business? This is the focus of this Course. It is based on the instructor's research and thirty years of real-world experience advising private growth companies.&nbsp;   This Course will challenge how you think about growth; give you tools to help you plan for growth, assess the preconditions to grow, and manage the risks of growth. You will study stories of how five different private businesses faced their growth challenges.&nbsp;   Growth, if not properly managed, can overwhelm a business, destroying value and in many cases even causing the business to fail. However, the research shows that every growth business faces common challenges. You can learn from others' experience—you do not have to "reinvent the wheel".   The Course format is case based. Each case tells a compelling story. You will learn from Julie Allinson, Susan Fellers, Dave Lindsey, Parik Laxinarayan and Eric Barger. In addition, each week, we will discuss a different content theme. In Weeks and 2 and 5, you will engage in Workshops where you will be asked to use and apply the Course tools and concepts to create growth strategies for two different real-life businesses. You will have the opportunity to create a Course Community of fellow-students to learn from each other as the Course progresses.&nbsp;   You will learn about the: "3 Myths of Growth"; the "Truth About Growth"; &nbsp;why growth is like "Mother Nature"; the "Gas Pedal" approach to growth; the all important "4 Ps" of how to grow; and how to scale a business strategically.
Know Thyself	An investigation of the nature and limits of self-knowledge from the viewpoints of philosophy, psychoanalysis, experimental psychology, neuroscience, aesthetics, and Buddhism.  Readings are drawn from classical Western, non-Western, and contemporary sources.	The Delphic Oracle is said to have had two premier injunctions: NOTHING IN EXCESS, and KNOW THYSELF. This course will be an examination of the latter injunction. Our central questions fall into two categories. First, What is it? We shall inquire into just what self-knowledge is: Is it a form of inner perception, somewhat like proprioception, by virtue of which our minds (and hearts) have internal scanners of their own states? Or should we construe self-knowledge in a way not crucially relying on a perceptual model? In that case, what other model might we use? Second, Why is it such a big deal? We shall inquire into the question why self-knowledge should be thought so important. Just what, if anything, is missing from a person lacking in self-knowledge that makes her significantly less wise, virtuous, or able than others who have this capacity? Our exploration will take us into research in Western philosophy, psychoanalysis, current experimental psychology, neuroscience, aesthetics, and Eastern philosophy as well. In aid of these investigation we will become students of our own dreams, and cultivate some meditative practices.
From the Repertoire: Western Music History through Performance	This course will focus on six important works from the Western classical-music repertoire that represent different eras and genres throughout history. We'll observe performances of this music recorded at Curtis, and our interactive discussions will explore each work’s historical context, musical significance, and compositional design.	A survey of music history begins with those works of music that convey the artistic trends, innovations, and compositional techniques representative of their time. Rather than offer a discussion of Western music focusing on a succession of composers, this course will look at key works throughout history: from early music composed as much as a thousand years ago, to contemporary concert music written just in the past decade. Through&nbsp;interactive&nbsp;historical presentations and performances, students will learn how Western music has developed throughout the ages into the rich and diverse repertoire that we have today.  What makes this music truly special and important?&nbsp;Distinguished members of the Curtis faculty&nbsp;will provide their unique insights. Performances by Curtis students, alumni, and faculty will enhance the learning experience by demonstrating the form and design of the material in a creative&nbsp;and vital way.&nbsp;  Two course presentations each week will offer different perspectives on the same work: one that focuses on historical context and description for students with little or no prior experience in music theory; and one that goes more in-depth into musical structure and formal design. Students are encouraged to watch both lectures to get the most out of the course.
Fundamentals of Rehearsing Music Ensembles	Learn and practice the basic principles of running an effective music ensemble rehearsal.  Techniques and strategies are applicable to a variety of ensembles, including bands, orchestras, choirs, and chamber groups.	Leading a musical ensemble as a conductor is an art and craft that requires skills beyond being an excellent musician.&nbsp; This course will teach an overview of these skills, including musical expression, rehearsal strategies, basic conducting techniques, and listening skills.&nbsp; Students will learn good teaching practices for real-life situations and participate in “virtual teaching lab” exercises that will create unique opportunities to share ideas and techniques--and along the way support their fellow musicians.
Introductory Organic Chemistry - Part 1	This is a organic chemistry course surveying introductory topics in structure and reactivity with an emphasis on structural fundamentals including electronic structure, conformation and stereochemistry.	This course surveys structural chemistry of organic compounds with an emphasis on electronic structure, conformation and stereochemistry. Concepts and models are developed to build intuition about the stability and reactivity of organic compounds. These concepts will prepare students for a mechanistic-based approach to learning organic reactivity. Emphasis will also be placed on developing problem-solving skills unique to organic chemistry. This course (Introductory Organic Chemistry Part I)&nbsp;together with Introductory Organic Chemistry Part II&nbsp;are equivalent to a first-semester organic chemistry course; these courses and the subsequent courses (Intermediate Organic Chemistry Parts I and II) are especially suited for students in agricultural, nutritional and biological sciences, as well as pre-medical, pre-dental, and pre-veterinary programs.
Microeconomics Principles	Introduction to the functions of individual decision-makers, both consumers and producers, within the larger economic system. Primary emphasis on the nature and functions of product markets, the theory of the firm under varying conditions of competition and monopoly, and the role of government in promoting efficiency in the economy.	Most people make the incorrect assumption that economics is ONLY the study of money. &nbsp;My primary goal in this course is to shatter this belief. &nbsp;In fact, in the last 50 years economists have tackled some of the most interesting and important questions for humanity. &nbsp;For instance, the following are just a few examples:   About Love and Marriage  Why is the divorce rate so high and what should we do in order to reduce it?   About the Environment  Why do we have so much pollution? How much is an endangered species worth?    About Crime   Would legalizing marijuana lead to a reduction in crime?     About Labor Markets   Does increasing the Federal Minimum Wage put people out of work? Why did so many women enter the labor force during the last 40 years?     About things you should be worrying about   Why is a college education a smart investment? Or isn't? Why are the presidential candidates missing the point on college costs?     And about many other things:   Would school vouchers lead to improvements in public education? Why a draft would only damage the army? How to level the playing field in baseball? AND, why is COURSERA offering this course free of charge?      We will be addressing many of these (and many more) questions during this course. Again, my main goal will to show you the way economists think and how to use this analytical system to answer questions related not only to these and other important human issues but pretty much to anything you end up doing with your life after this class. After all, as you will quickly find out, I believe everything is economics!
Everything is the Same: Modeling Engineered Systems	Learn modeling and analysis techniques for electrical, mechanical, and chemical systems and discover how engineered systems that seem very different are actually very similar.  	Students  in this class will learn modeling and analysis techniques applicable to  electrical, mechanical, and chemical systems. &nbsp;This “systems” view,  that focuses on what is common to these different physical systems, has  been responsible for much of the progress in the last several decades in  aeronautics, robotics, and other engineering disciplines where there  are many different technologies working together. &nbsp;Starting  with algebraic descriptions of individual components (such as  resistors), the class develops tools capable of predicting large-scale  behavior of dynamic systems that evolve over time. &nbsp;Differential  equations are key ingredients, so we will spend significant time  learning how to derive differential equations from component descriptions.  &nbsp;One of the key ideas in this class is that electrical, mechanical, and  chemical systems may seem very different from each other but often have  very similar behavior, allowing us to draw powerful analogies between  them. &nbsp;Case studies from several areas of engineering will be used to  illustrate the modeling techniques, including examples from robotics,  power networks, drug delivery, vehicle suspension, thermal stress, and  flexible electronics. &nbsp;Students will have the option of doing hands on  experiments that demonstrate the utility of the techniques.&nbsp; 
Exploring Beethoven’s Piano Sonatas	A series of lectures on one of the greatest bodies of music ever composed, from the point of view of a performer. Each lecture will explore a different facet of the music; all will attempt to locate the source of the tremendous psychological power of Beethoven’s music.	                 Our relationship to Beethoven is a deep and paradoxical one. For many musicians, he represents a kind of holy grail: His music has an intensity, rigor, and profundity which keep us in its thrall, and it is perhaps unequalled in the interpretive, technical, and even spiritual challenges it poses to performers. At the same time, Beethoven’s music is casually familiar to millions of people who do not attend concerts or consider themselves musically inclined. Two hundred years after his death, he is everywhere in the culture, yet still represents its summit.  This course takes an inside-out look at the 32 piano sonatas from the point of view of a performer. Each lecture will focus on one sonata and an aspect of Beethoven’s music exemplified by it. (These might include: the relationship between Beethoven the pianist and Beethoven the composer; the critical role improvisation plays in his highly structured music; his mixing of extremely refined music with rougher elements; and the often surprising ways in which the events of his life influenced his compositional process and the character of the music he was writing.) The course will feature some analysis and historical background, but its perspective is that of a player, not a musicologist. Its main aim is to explore and demystify the work of the performer, even while embracing the eternal mystery of Beethoven’s music itself.  
Computer Architecture	In this course, you will learn to design the computer architecture of complex modern microprocessors.	This course forms a strong foundation in the understanding and design of modern computing systems. Building on a computer organization base, this course explores techniques that go into designing a modern microprocessor. Fundamental understanding of computer architecture is key not only for students interested in hardware and processor design, but is a foundation for students interested in compilers, operating systems, and high performance programming. This course will explore how the computer architect can utilize the increasing number of transistors available to improve the performance of a processor. Focus will be given to architectures that can exploit different forms of parallelism, whether they be implicit or explicit. This course covers architectural techniques such as multi-issue superscalar processors, out-of-order processors, Very Long Instruction Word (VLIW) processors, advanced caching, and multiprocessor systems.
Statistics One	Statistics One is a comprehensive yet friendly introduction to statistics.	Statistics One is designed to be a comprehensive yet friendly introduction     to fundamental concepts in statistics. Comprehensive means that this course     provides a solid foundation for students planning to pursue more advanced     courses in statistics. Friendly means exactly that. The course assumes     very little background knowledge in statistics and introduces new concepts     with several fun and easy to understand examples.&nbsp; This course is, quite literally, for everyone. If you think you can't     learn statistics, this course is for you. If you had a statistics course     before but feel like you need a refresher, this course is for you. Even     if you are a relatively advanced researcher or analyst, this course provides     a foundation and a context that helps to put one’s work into perspective. Statistics One also provides an introduction to the R programming language.     All the examples and assignments will involve writing code in R and interpreting     R output. R software is free! What this means is you can download R, take     this course, and start programming in R after just a few lectures. That     said, this course is not a comprehensive guide to R or to programming in     general.&nbsp;
Algorithms, Part I	This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations. Part I covers basic iterable data types, sorting, and searching algorithms.	An introduction to fundamental data types, algorithms, and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations. Specific topics covered include: union-find algorithms; basic iterable data types (stack, queues, and bags); sorting algorithms (quicksort, mergesort, heapsort) and applications; priority queues; binary search trees; red-black trees; hash tables; and symbol-table applications.
Algorithms, Part II	This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations.	Part II covers graph-processing algorithms, including minimum spanning tree and shortest paths algorithms, and string processing algorithms, including string sorts, tries, substring search, regular expressions, and data compression, and concludes with an overview placing the contents of the course in a larger context.
Game Theory	The course covers the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), repeated and stochastic games, coalitional games, and Bayesian games (modeling things like auctions).	Popularized by movies such as "A Beautiful Mind", game theory is the mathematical modeling of strategic interaction among rational (and irrational) agents. Beyond what we call 'games' in common language, such as chess, poker, soccer, etc., it includes the modeling of conflict among nations, political campaigns, competition among firms, and trading behavior in markets such as the NYSE. How could you begin to model eBay, Google keyword auctions, and peer to peer file-sharing networks, without accounting for the incentives of the people using them? The course will provide the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), Bayesian games (modeling things like auctions), repeated and stochastic games, and more. We'll include a variety of examples including classic games and real-world applications.
Modern & Contemporary American Poetry	ModPo is a fast-paced introduction to modern and contemporary U.S. poetry, from Dickinson and Whitman to the present. Participants (who need no prior experience with poetry) will learn how to read poems that are supposedly "difficult."	In this fast-paced course we will read and encounter and discuss a great range of modern and contemporary U.S. poets working in the "experimental mode," starting with the 19th-century proto-modernists Emily Dickinson and Walt Whitman and ending with 21st-century conceptual poetics. Aside from providing a perhaps handy or helpful survey and chronology of 20th- and 21st-century poetry, this course offers a way of understanding general cultural transitions from modernism to postmodernism. Some people may wish to enroll as much to gain an understanding of the modernism/postmodernism problem through a study of poetry as to gain access to the work of these many poets. Participants do not need to have any prior knowledge of poetry or poetics. The instructor, Al Filreis, rarely lectures, and frequently calls for "the end of the lecture as we know it"; instead, most of the video-recorded lessons will consist of collaborative close readings led by Filreis, seminar-style -- offering models or samples of readers' interpretations of these knotty but powerful poems, aided by the poetry-minded denizens of the Kelly Writers House on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania.
Introduction to Sociology	In this class we will cover the essentials of sociology, to help you better understand your own life and situations far from your experience.	We live in a world that is changing very quickly. Sociology gives us the tools to understand our own lives and those quite remote from us. The premise of this class is that in order to benefit from the sociological perspective, we need to learn how to ask certain basic questions. We need to know how to seek answers through methods that strive to be systematic and generalizable.We will begin with some of the essential questions: How are the things that we take to be natural socially constructed? How do we live today? How determined is social life? Does the individual make a difference? How is social order possible? Then we will ask what techniques are available to make sense of these questions. &nbsp;We will review comparative, historical, demographic, experimental, and ethnographic methods. Along the way, we will study core concepts including ethnocentrism, social networks, community, unanticipated consequences, social capital, race, class, and gender.  We will strive to understand how interaction in micro-level contexts affects larger social processes and how such macro-level processes influence our day to day lives. We will learn to conceive of inequality by asking how race, class, and gender work in tandem. We will address one of the crises of recent sociology -- whether we can actually isolate the effects of social context. We will think about how social science is changing at a time when we are literally swimming in oceans of data generated by the internet.
Listening to World Music	Learn the ideas and vocabulary for listening to world music, and examine the music of several world music cultures and how they have entered into mainstream popular culture.	With the click of a mouse, now more than ever we are able to access sounds made by people from all around the world. And yet, most of us don't listen to the wide diversity of music available to us, probably because it sounds so strange. This class will open up the world of music to you. We begin with a brief history of recording technology, the music industry and the place of world music in that narrative; you are introduced to keywords for talking about music cross-culturally; and then proceed to half a dozen musical cultures around the world. In each of these musical cultures, we examine the ways in which music works in those distant cultures, how it sounds, what it means, who may perform it; and then we ask ourselves where this music has traveled and entered into the Western popular culture as entertainment, political discourse, or artistic purpose.
Greek and Roman Mythology	This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations.	Myths are traditional stories that have endured over a long time. Some of them have to do with events of great importance, such as the founding of a nation. Others tell the stories of great heroes and heroines and their exploits and courage in the face of adversity. Still others are simple tales about otherwise unremarkable people who get into trouble or do some great deed. What are we to make of all these tales, and why do people seem to like to hear them? This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations. We will also pay some attention to the way the Greeks and Romans themselves understood their own myths. Are myths subtle codes that contain some universal truth? Are they a window on the deep recesses of a particular culture? Are they a set of blinders that all of us wear, though we do not realize it? Or are they just entertaining stories that people like to tell over and over? This course will investigate these questions through a variety of topics, including the creation of the universe, the relationship between gods and mortals, human nature, religion, the family, sex, love, madness, and death.
Information Theory	This course is an introduction to information theory, which emphasizes fundamental concepts as well as analytical techniques. Specific topics include: Information Measures, The I-Measure, Zero-Error Data Compression, Weak Typicality, Strong Typicality, Discrete Memoryless Channels, etc.	The lectures are based on the first 11 chapters of Prof. Raymond Yeung’s textbook entitled Information Theory and Network Coding (Springer 2008).  Chapter 1 The Science of Information&nbsp;Chapter 2 Information Measures&nbsp;Chapter 3&nbsp;The I-Measure&nbsp;Chapter 4 Zero-Error Data Compression&nbsp;Chapter 5 Weak Typicality&nbsp;Chapter 6&nbsp;Strong Typicality&nbsp;Chapter 7 Discrete Memoryless Channels&nbsp;Chapter 8 Rate-Distortion Theory&nbsp;Chapter 9 The Blahut-Arimoto Algorithms&nbsp;Chapter 10 Differential Entropy&nbsp;Chapter 11 Continuous-Valued Channels This book and its predecessor,&nbsp;A First Course in Information Theory&nbsp;(Kluwer 2002, essentially the first edition of the 2008 book), have been adopted by over 60 universities around the world as either a textbook or reference text. The electronic version of the 2008 book can be downloaded for free (with institutional subscription).At the completion of this course, the student should be able to:Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the fundamentals of information theory.Appreciate the notion of fundamental limits in communication systems and more generally all systems.Develop deeper understanding of communication systems.Apply the concepts of information theory to various disciplines in information science.
The Role of the Renminbi in the International Monetary System	This self-contained course will discuss our policy views on various topics of RMB internationalization.	Despite the rapid growth of the Chinese economy, the RMB is still not ready to be an international currency. For the RMB to be an international currency, China’s financial markets should be conceptually well developed. Further, China will have to build up the credibility that the Central Bank can maintain the stability of its currency and ensure full convertibility of the RMB. This self-contained course will discuss our policy views on various topics of RMB internationalization. Specifically, we will provide innovative suggestions on increasing the autonomy of the People’s Bank of China (PBC), implementing an inflation targeting policy, developing securities markets for corporate borrowing, establishing a flexible and market-determined exchange rate, removing restrictions on capital control, and improving the legal infrastructure and regulations for financial markets. Since the internationalization of Renminbi is of major importance to the further development of Hong Kong as an international financial centre, we will also discuss how this process affects Hong Kong and other Asian economies.
The New Nordic Diet - from Gastronomy to Health 	The New Nordic Diet is a new food culture which emphasizes gastronomy, health, and environment. This course presents the scientific background of the New Nordic Diet, the world’s largest research project into adult and child health and well-being, and will help you better understand the global challenges such as obesity and obesity-related diseases. 	The New Nordic Diet is a new food culture developed in 2009-13 with key emphasis on gastronomy, health, and environment. Major research in its effect on acceptability, behavior and learning skills, and disease prevention have been conducted by the OPUS centre at the University of Copenhagen and the people behind the award-winning restaurant Noma in Copenhagen.This course will give the participants the opportunity to experience a healthy and palatable new food and eating concept diet “The New Nordic Diet” and an understanding of how food and diets can affect mental and physical health and ensure the foundation for a healthier life style for future generations with a regional based diet and food culture.&nbsp; In Denmark “the Nordic cuisine”, has expanded from food eaten at the award-winning Copenhagen restaurant Noma to homemade dishes of local ingredients of whole-grain rye bread, root vegetables, berries, fresh fish and seaweed.&nbsp;
Origins - Formation of the Universe, Solar System, Earth and Life	The Origins course tracks the origin of all things – from the Big Bang to the origin of the Solar System and the Earth. The course follows the evolution of life on our planet through deep geological time to present life forms.	The history of our planet and Solar System, during an interval of almost 5 billion years, is controlled by a series of key biological and geological processes. The course will investigate the prehistory and origins of our Solar System, the Earth and its tectonic processes, the origin of life and the evolution of the complex marine and terrestrial ecosystems that have uniquely defined our planet.  The course is taught by a broad range of specialists from the Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen. The extensive collections at the museum will be used throughout the course to illustrate what we know and why we know it.
Søren Kierkegaard - Subjectivity, Irony and the Crisis of Modernity	In this course we will explore how Kierkegaard deals with the problems associated with relativism, the lack of meaning and the undermining of religious faith that are typical of modern life. His penetrating analyses are still highly relevant today and have been seen as insightful for the leading figures of Existentialism, Post-Structuralism and Post-Modernism. 	It is often claimed that relativism, subjectivism and nihilism are typically     modern philosophical problems that emerge with the breakdown of traditional     values, customs and ways of life. The result is the absence of meaning,     the lapse of religious faith, and feeling of alienation that is so widespread     in modernity.       The Danish thinker Søren Kierkegaard (1813-55) gave one of the most penetrating     analyses of this complex phenomenon. But somewhat surprisingly he seeks     insight into it not in any modern thinker but rather in an ancient one,     the Greek philosopher Socrates. In his famous work The Concept of Irony Kierkegaard examines different forms of subjectivism and relativism as they are conceived as criticisms of traditional culture. He characterizes these different tendencies under the heading of “irony.” He realizes that once critical reflection has destroyed traditional values, there is no way to go back. But yet the way forward is uncertain. As the modern movements such as Existentialism, Post-Structuralism and Post-Modernism reveal, the issues that Kierkegaard faced are still among the central problems of philosophy today. 
Measuring Causal Effects in the Social Sciences	How can we know if the differences in wages between men and women are caused by discrimination or differences in background characteristics? In this course we look at causal effects as opposed to spurious relationships. We will discuss how they can be identified in the social sciences using quantitative data, and describe how this can help us understand social mechanisms. 	In this course we discuss how to identify causal effect in the social sciences. Causal effects are interesting whenever we want to understand mechanisms. As an example we can think of the case of wage differentials across gender. This may be due to either discrimination from employers or differences in unobserved background characteristics across gender. Usually we would like to think about discrimination as a mechanism whereas differences in background characteristics would usually not been seen as a mechanism. So it may be important to be able to tell why there is pay differences across gender.     To show causal effects the provision of a statistical relationship is not enough.&nbsp; The fundamental problem in identifying causal effects is therefore a matter of research design and research strategy. During the course we will examine such research designs and strategies and look at the relevance of different assumptions behind these methods. The course also addresses the benefits of experimental data and introduces several new statistical and econometrical methods designed to improve causal statements from non-experimental and observational data.
Scandinavian Film and Television	In many ways Scandinavian film and television is a global cultural brand, connected with and exporting some of the cultural and social values connected to a liberal and progressive welfare society. This course deals with the social, institutional and cultural background of film and television in Scandinavia and in a broader European and global context. 	Scandinavia is well known internationally for its welfare society, and part of this welfare society is a very developed cultural policy based on both the free market and public support. Scandinavia has a strong film and television culture with institutions and traditions created to secure creative diversity for both national, Scandinavian and global audiences. In many ways Scandinavian film and television is a global cultural brand, connected with and exporting some of the cultural and social values connected to a liberal and progressive welfare society. Dating back to the silent cinema era and through the birth of a modern film and television culture after 1945 Scandinavia has contributed significantly to our global cultural heritage.     This course in Scandinavian Film and Television deals with the social, institutional and cultural background of film and television in Scandinavia and in a broader European and global context. The course will offer a deeper understanding of the creative forces behind film and television, of how Scandinavian society and culture has influenced the production. The course will deal with the co-production in Scandinavia and the role of Scandinavian film and television internationally. Theoretically the course will deal with national and global cinema, with film and media sociology, with genre and auteur theory and with film and media policy.    The course will also deal with some of the most important film directors and film and television genres and the way they have reflected and influenced our understanding of Scandinavia and the image of Scandinavian culture and society abroad. From Carl Th. Dreyer’s complex historical and religious dramas, Ingmar Bergman’s symbolic and psychological films to the modern cinema of Lars von Trier, Aki Kaurismäki, Lukas Moodyson and Bent Hamer - all important Scandinavian names in a broader European art cinema tradition.&nbsp; The course will deal with typical examples of other and more popular genres in Scandinavian cinema and modern, Scandinavian television drama and with aspects of the Scandinavian documentary tradition. Examples include Jan Troell’s epic serial The Immigrants/The New Land (1971-72), global, prize winning drama series like The Killing (2007-12) and Borgen (2010-) and international film blockbusters such as the Stieg Larson trilogy.
C++ For C Programmers	This course is for experienced C programmers who want to program in C++. The examples and exercises require a basic understanding of algorithms and object-oriented software.	The course provides an overview of C++ for the experienced C programmer. You will learn how C++ is more powerful than C. The C++ STL library will be featured. This library allows C++ programmers to code generically, efficiently and at a high level. You will learn how to write basic graph algorithms such as the shortest path algorithm. You'll then put this skill to use in a programming assignment aimed at producing an intelligent hex player.
Tecnologías de información y comunicación en la educación	Analiza diferentes casos de estudio de usos educativos de las TIC y diseña un ambiente de aprendizaje que involucre herramientas digitales y tecnologías basadas en Internet. 	Las tecnologías de información y comunicación (TIC) han transformado la educación. Ello ocurre no sólo porque éstas han facilitado el desarrollo de algunas tareas que comúnmente realizábamos los profesores, los alumnos y los administradores sino porque también han abierto oportunidades para modificar tanto los ambientes de aprendizaje en los cuales se llevan a cabo los procesos educativos así como los métodos empleados para enseñar y aprender e incluso, cambiar los roles que anteriormente jugaba cada uno de los actores que intervenimos en el proceso educativo.&nbsp;A lo largo de este curso analizaremos diferentes ambientes de aprendizaje y el papel que juegan las TIC en cada uno de ellos; reflexionando específicamente acerca de aquellos que podemos desarrollar nosotros mismos dados los contextos personales en los que nos encontramos.El curso se imparte en español.
Drug Discovery, Development & Commercialization 	Students will learn the process of drug discovery and development through specific examples of case studies to better understand the issues facing the challenges of delivering a new drug on the market. At the completion of this course you will be able to have a better understanding of how a small or large molecule becomes a pharmaceutical drug.	The University of California San Diego, Skaggs School of Pharmacy&nbsp;and Pharmaceutical Sciences Drug Discovery, Development &amp; Commercialization course focuses on drug discovery, development and commercialization.&nbsp; In this course, you will learn about the complete process of drug discovery, development, pharmacoeconomics, biosimilars, regulatory affairs, managed markets,&nbsp;portfolio management and strategic marketing of a new pharmaceutical drug. &nbsp;&nbsp;  Students will also learn that shifting the current drug discovery paradigm from ‘finding new-entity drugs’ to ‘combining existing agents’ may be helpful for overcoming the current financial challenges that exist in the pharmaceutical/biotech market.&nbsp; The following course objectives will be: 1. &nbsp;Understand the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market a changing     landscape 2. Understand the major aspects of the drug discovery process, starting     with target selection, to compound screening to designing lead candidates.       3. Recognize current modern drug discovery based on the lock-and-key theory,     which attempts to use one single compound to hit one target to combat the     related disease. 4. Increase understanding of the various drug discovery tools and methods     that are used for finding, identifying and designing a new drug. 5. Define and understand the regulatory responsibilities for drug discovery,     including but not limited to, an Investigational New Drug Application (IND),     New Drug Application (NDA), and product labeling. &nbsp;6. Incorporate study design methods for consideration in the design     of clinical protocols to access safety, tolerability, and efficacy in multiple     therapeutic areas. &nbsp;7. Identify the critical components for development of a commercialization     strategy and a marketing plan to launch a new drug.
Growing Old Around the Globe	The world is ageing – people are older and societies are facing hard realities.  What are we to make our lives in this time of global ageing? In six weeks, we analyze critical questions about age and ageing around the world.	Growing old is discussed today in ominous terms – concerns about disease,     dysfunction, and destitution are daily discussed by media and policy makers.     What are individuals, families, communities and societies to make of an     ageing world? We analyze contemporary topics in psychological and social     ageing from a global perspective. Each week, we pose a question to be explored     and discussed online. Participants are encouraged to contribute their experiences     and perspectives as we create a global community to discuss age, ageing,     and the science of gerontology in action. Participants will then compile     a portfolio of materials they create and/or collect to address each week’s     question and critically reflect their knowledge and experience throughout     the course. Portfolios are then reviewed by peers at the end of the course     to foster continued discourse among participants in our COURSERA community.
Introduction to Classical Music	This course will focus on Western classical music of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries; it is designed for people who are passionate about classical music but who have not necessarily had any advanced training or taken any college-level music courses.  The only prerequisite is a basic knowledge of how to read musical notation.	This is a course for students who are passionate about classical music and eager to learn more about it, but who have not necessarily had any advanced technical training or taken any college-level music courses. The only prerequisite is a basic knowledge of how to read musical notation. Otherwise, no prior experience is needed; all concepts will be explained in class, and musical terms will be defined as they arise. This course will focus on Western classical music of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, music that exemplifies tonality, the system of major and minor keys, including pieces composed by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Chopin, Wagner, Brahms, Richard Strauss, and others. This course will tell two competing stories about tonal music and try to reconcile them. On one hand, we will explore what all tonal pieces have in common, the shared musical language that makes them intelligible and allows them to communicate; on the other hand, we will try to discover what makes each piece unique, how composers bend the common language to say something new. Although the course will incorporate historical perspectives, it will not be a chronological survey. Instead, it will combine music theory with aesthetics, balancing principles of structural organization with insights into the aesthetic meaning and effects of these principles. By illustrating his lectures with his own performances at the keyboard, Professor Korsyn will bring the music to life.
Canine Theriogenology for Dog Enthusiasts	This course will help anyone who loves dogs to better understand their dog’s reproductive health and how to control its reproduction. This includes understanding the pros and cons of having your dog spayed or castrated, and understanding at what age that surgery can be performed.	Every dog owner should have some understanding of reproduction, whether they intend to breed that dog or just want to have their dog spayed or castrated. As a dog enthusiast, you want to know what is best for your dog and to understand your veterinarian’s recommendations. This course is intended to give you the background knowledge necessary to help you achieve those goals. Students in this course will learn the basics of anatomy and reproductive physiology necessary to understand reproduction control, and the diagnosis and management of reproductive tract disease in male and female dogs. My goal is to provide you with background information that will help you work with your veterinarian to make the best decisions for your dog.
An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python	This course is designed to be a fun introduction to the basics of programming in Python. Our main focus will be on building simple interactive games such as Pong, Blackjack and Asteroids.	This course is designed to help students with very little or no computing     background learn the basics of building simple interactive applications.     &nbsp;Our language of choice, Python, is an easy-to learn, high-level computer     language that is used in many of the computational courses offered on Coursera.     To make learning Python easy, we have developed a new browser-based programming     environment that makes developing interactive applications in Python simple.     &nbsp;These applications will involve windows whose contents are graphical     and respond to buttons, the keyboard and the mouse.          The primary method for learning the course material will be to work through     multiple "mini-projects" in Python. &nbsp;To make this class enjoyable,     these projects will include building fun games such as Pong, Blackjack,     and Asteroids. &nbsp;When you’ve finished our course, we can’t promise     that you will be a professional programmer, but we think that you will     learn a lot about programming in Python and have fun while you’re doing     it.
Fundamentals of Online Education: Planning and Application	This is an introductory course on the fundamentals of online education. You will learn how to convert your face-to-face class into a robust online course based on theory and practice.	In this course you will learn about the fundamentals of online education. The emphasis will be on planning&nbsp;and application. In the planning phase, you will explore online learning pedagogy, online course design,privacy and copyright issues, online assessments, managing an online class, web tools and Learning&nbsp;Management Systems. In the application phase, you will create online learning materials. The final&nbsp;project for the course will consist of you building an online course based on everything that you learned&nbsp;and created in the course.
Social and Economic Networks:  Models and Analysis	Learn how to model social and economic networks and their impact on human behavior.  How do networks form, why do they exhibit certain patterns, and how does their structure impact diffusion, learning, and other behaviors?   We will bring together models and techniques from economics, sociology, math, physics, statistics and computer science to answer these questions.  	Social networks pervade our social and economic lives. &nbsp; They play a central role in the transmission of information about job opportunities and are critical to the trade of many goods and services. They are important in determining which products we buy, which languages we speak, how we vote, as well as whether or not we decide to become criminals, how much education we obtain, and our likelihood of succeeding professionally. &nbsp; The countless ways in which network structures affect our well-being make it critical to understand how social network structures impact behavior, which network structures are likely to emerge in a society, and why we organize ourselves as we do. &nbsp;This course provides an overview and synthesis of research on social and economic networks, drawing on studies by sociologists, economists, computer scientists, physicists, and mathematicians.The course begins with some empirical background on&nbsp;social and economic networks, and an overview of concepts used to&nbsp;describe and measure networks. &nbsp; Next, we will cover a set of&nbsp;models of how networks form, including random network models as well as&nbsp;strategic formation models, and some hybrids. &nbsp; We will then discuss a series of&nbsp;models of how networks impact behavior, including contagion, diffusion, learning, and peer influences.
Principles of Economics for Scientists	Quantitative and model-based introduction to basic ideas in economics, and applications to a wide range of real world problems.	The impact of economic forces in our lives is sizable and pervasive. For this reason, it is impossible to understand the social and economic forces shaping our lives without a good understanding of basic economic principles. This course provides a quantitative and model-based introduction to such principles, and teaches how to apply them to make sense of a wide range of real world problems. Examples of applications include predicting the impact of technological changes in market prices, calculating the optimal gasoline tax, and measuring the value of new products. This is a real Caltech class. It will be taught concurrently to Caltech and on-line students. This has two implications. On the costs side: the class is challenging, highly quantitative, and will demand significant effort. On the benefit side: successful completion of the class will provide you with an in-depth understanding of basic economics, and will permanently change the way you see the world.
Drugs and the Brain	The neuroscience of drugs for therapy, for prevention, and for recreation.  You’ll learn the prospects for new generations of medications in psychiatry, aging, and treatment of substance abuse.	What happens in the body when a person smokes a cigarette? After several weeks of smoking? When a person takes antidepressant or antipsychotic medication? A drug for pain or epilepsy? A recreational drug? Neuroscientists are beginning to understand these processes. You’ll learn how drugs enter the brain, how they act on receptors and ion channels, and how “molecular relay races” lead to changes in nerve cells and neural circuits that far outlast the drugs themselves. “Drugs and the Brain” also describes how scientists are gathering the knowledge required for the next steps in preventing or alleviating Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, schizophrenia, and drug abuse.
The Social Context of Mental Health and Illness	Learn how social factors promote mental health, influence the onset and course of mental illness, and affect how mental illnesses are diagnosed and treated.	Mental health and mental illness used to be something that people didn’t talk about, but now it seems every time we open a newspaper we are hearing about the importance of mental health, or the consequences of mental illness. At this point in our history we understand mental illness and mental health to be largely influenced by biological factors, specifically, workings of the brain. At the same time, we have always known that social factors play a very strong role in promoting mental health and can make big differences in who gets mentally ill, who gets treated for mental illness, and how people can achieve good quality of life after a mental health diagnosis. This course is an opportunity to explore how social practices and ideas contribute to the ways in which society, families and individuals are affected by mental health and mental illness. We will look at issues like why some people think mental illness is a myth, how people think about mental health and illness in different cultures, who gets mentally ill and why, how families are affected by mental illness and what interventions are available to treat mental illness and promote mental health.
Galaxies and Cosmology	An introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, the physical universe, big bang, formation and evolution of galaxies, quasars, and large-scale structure.	This class is an introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, i.e., the part of astrophysics that deals with the structure and evolution of the universe as a whole, and its major constituents: dark matter, dark energy, galaxies, quasars, large-scale structure, and intergalactic gas. &nbsp;It will cover the subjects including: relativistic cosmological models and their parameters, extragalactic distance scale, cosmological tests, composition of the universe, dark matter, and dark energy; the hot big bang, cosmic nucleosynthesis, recombination, and cosmic microwave background; formation and evolution of structure in the universe; galaxy clusters, large-scale structure and its evolution; galaxies, their properties and fundamental correlations; formation and evolution of galaxies; star formation history of the universe; quasars and other active galactic nuclei, and their evolution; structure and evolution of the intergalactic medium; diffuse extragalactic backgrounds; the first stars, galaxies, and the reionization era. &nbsp;It corresponds to the Ay 21 class taught at Caltech.
Computational Investing, Part I	Find out how modern electronic markets work, why stock prices change in the ways they do, and how computation can help our understanding of them.  Build algorithms and visualizations to inform investing practice.	OverviewWhy do the prices of some companies’ stocks seem to move up and down together while others move separately? What does portfolio “diversification” really mean and how important is it? What should the price of a stock be? How can we discover and exploit the relationships between equity prices automatically? We’ll examine these questions, and others, from a computational point of view. You will learn many of the principles and algorithms hedge funds and investment professionals use to maximize return and reduce risk in equity portfolios.TopicsWe start with a tour of the mathematics and statistics that underlie equity price changes, and the relationships between different groups of equities. We’ll review the most important economic theories of investing and how to create programs that take advantage of them. We’ll look at the data needed to do this, and how to manipulate it effectively.&nbsp;Take a look at the course syllabus&nbsp;here.Important note:&nbsp;This is a&nbsp;project oriented course involving Python programming in a Unix environment.Be sure this course is right for you!This course is intended for folks who have a strong programming background, but who are new to finance and investing. &nbsp;Check out the two links below to see if the course is a good match.Take a look at the course syllabus here.Take a look at what other students thought of the course here.Course optionsYou can enroll in the course in several ways:Regular enrollment. In this track you are expected to watch the videos and&nbsp;complete the assignments.Preview: You can watch the videos without enrolling. The videos will be available as they are published. Follow this link to preview the lectures:&nbsp;https://class.coursera.org/compinvesting1-002/lecture/preview&nbsp;Signature track: This is a brand new option offered by Coursera. More information below.Outcomes for regular and signature&nbsp;tracksAt the end of the course you will have created a working market simulator&nbsp;that you can use to test your own investing strategies. &nbsp;You will understand the basic principles of Modern Portfolio Theory and Active Portfolio Management.WorkloadOn average you can expect to spend up to 8 to 12&nbsp;hours per week on programming.
Computational Photography	In this course you will learn about the basics of how computation has impacted the entire workflow of photography (i.e., from how images are captured, manipulated and collaborated on, and shared).	The goal of this course is to introduce you to the basics of how computation has impacted the entire workflow of photography (i.e., from how images are captured, manipulated and collaborated on, and shared). &nbsp;  The course begins with a conceptualization of&nbsp;photography as drawing with light and the capturing of light to form images/videos. &nbsp;You will learn about and understand how the optics and the sensor within a camera are generalized, as well as learn about and understand how the lighting and other aspects of the environment are also generalized through computation to capture novel images.&nbsp;  Pre- and post-processing techniques used to manipulate and improve images will be discussed. &nbsp;Activities in this course are selected to give you first hand experience with the power of the web and the Internet for both analyzing and sharing images. &nbsp;  This course is interdisciplinary and draws upon concepts and principles from computer vision, computer graphics, image processing, mathematics and optics.  We look forward to your engagement and participation with both the course and its discussion forums.   About the TA  Denis Lantsman is the TA for the class. Denis is a graduate of Harvey Mudd College, and is currently finishing his MS in Machine Learning at Georgia Tech. He is responsible for managing the coursera site, monitoring the forums for student feedback, creating the homework assignments and quizzes, as well as recording weekly tutorials to help students with their programming.
Control of Mobile Robots	Learn about how to make mobile robots move in effective, safe, predictable, and collaborative ways using modern control theory.	This course investigates how to make mobile robots move in effective, safe, and predictable ways. The basic tool for achieving this is "control theory", which deals with the question of how dynamical systems, i.e., systems whose behaviors change over time, can be effectively influenced. In the course, these two domains - controls and robotics - will be interleaved and we will go from the basics of control theory, via robotic examples of increasing complexity - all the way to the research frontier. The course will focus on mobile robots as the target application and problems that will be covered include (1) how to make (teams of) wheeled ground robots avoid collisions while reaching target locations, &nbsp;(2) how to make aerial, quadrotor robots follow paths in the presence of severe disturbances, and (3) how to locomotive bipedal, humanoid robots.
Energy 101	As a society and individually, we use energy every moment of our lives to improve our quality of life. Energy 101 will develop the big picture and connect the details of our energy use, technology, infrastructure, impact, and future.	Energy 101 focuses on the big energy picture giving perspective and context to the details one reads in the daily onslaught of energy news in the headlines. As the number 101 indicates, there are no pre-requisites and no particular training or background needed. The course will review the driving forces of energy used in transportation, building heating and cooling, electrical loads and manufacturing. The current facts and trends of the resulting demands placed on coal, oil, natural gas, nuclear, biomass, solar and wind used to meet these energy demands are then covered. The technologies and characteristics of different energy processes and infrastructure used to convert the renewable, fossil, and nuclear energy into the desired form necessary to accomplish a given task are then described. Economics is always a part of the discussion. The natural laws of thermodynamics limiting these processes are described, as well as future technologies and their potential.
Natural Language Processing	In this class, you will learn fundamental algorithms and mathematical models for processing natural language, and how these can be used to solve practical problems.	This course covers a broad range of topics in natural language processing, including word and sentence tokenization, text classification and sentiment analysis, spelling correction, information extraction, parsing, meaning extraction, and question answering, We will also introduce the underlying theory from probability, statistics, and machine learning that are crucial for the field, and cover fundamental algorithms like n-gram language modeling, naive bayes and maxent classifiers, sequence models like Hidden Markov Models, probabilistic dependency and constituent parsing, and vector-space models of meaning. We are offering this course on Natural Language Processing free and online to students worldwide, continuing Stanford's exciting forays into large scale online instruction. Students have access to screencast lecture videos, are given quiz questions, assignments and exams, receive regular feedback on progress, and can participate in a discussion forum. Those who successfully complete the course will receive a statement of accomplishment. Taught by Professors Jurafsky and Manning, the curriculum draws from Stanford's courses in Natural Language Processing. You will need a decent internet connection for accessing course materials, but should be able to watch the videos on your smartphone.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Practical tips to improve Asian American participation in cancer clinical trials	Internet Enduring Material Sponsored by Stanford University School of Medicine //  Presented by The Stanford Cancer Institute at Stanford University School of Medicine. // This course is designed to meet the educational needs of a national audience of physicians and allied health professionals who specialize in family practice, primary care, internal medicine & oncology. 	Racial and ethnic diversity is critical to the success of cancer clinical trials. Asian Americans, like other ethnic groups, have low recruitment, accrual and retention rates in cancer clinical trials. This represents a significant challenge on a national level for health advocates, healthcare institutions and the National Cancer Institute. To improve communication and awareness of clinical trials for Asian American patients, it is important to increase learners’ knowledge about cancer clinical trials and cultural humility. This on-line course will educate healthcare providers and allied health professionals about cancer clinical trials and cultural humility skills as well as provide educational resources and tips for reinforcing change in practice to improve outcomes in Asian American clinical trial participation.  Learning Objectives        Develop strategies to determine appropriate patients for clinical trials.     Apply cultural humility skills to effectively communicate with Asian American         patients about cancer clinical trials.     Identify at least 5 ways that will reinforce change in practice to incorporate         clinical trials education and referral among Asian American patients and         apply it in practice.     Recognize how to access at least 5 cancer clinical trial resources and         use them in education and referral. The Stanford University School of Medicine is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) to provide continuing medical education for physicians.  This course was developed in collaboration with the Asian American Cancer Network for Cancer Awareness, Research and Training and Asian Alliance for Health.
Instructional Methods in Health Professions Education	This course provides those involved in educating members of the health professions an asynchronous, interdisciplinary, and interactive way to obtain, expand, and improve their teaching skills. These skills can then be applied within their own professional context, with a variety of learners, extending across many stages.	After completing this course, learners will:1. Understand educational theory as it relates to health professions education2. Match instructional methods with desired educational outcomes3. Learn a variety of applied teaching techniques4. Share successful teaching strategies
English Common Law: Structure and Principles	For students or professionals who have an interest in learning about the development and application of the law in a common law jurisdiction. 	This course is designed as an introduction to English Common Law and will give students a broad understanding of the characteristics and functions of the English Legal System. Students will gain knowledge of the sources of English law, the system of courts and tribunals in England and Wales and the legal profession and judiciary. Students will be introduced to the principles of legal research and identification of sources of law.&nbsp;
The Camera Never Lies	Film, images & historical interpretation in the 20th century for those who have a general interest in photojournalism, and films based on historical events.	This short course is an introduction to use of photographs as historical evidence in the twentieth century, issues of authenticity and manipulation, and the place of film and historical adoptions as public history.&nbsp;
Economic Issues, Food & You	This course emphasizes the role of economics regarding its influence on food prices, the environment, and government policies. The primary objective of this course is to explore the basic tool kit of economic concepts that will enable students to critically analyze the choices they face as consumers and world citizens.	Students will study the economic concepts of scarcity, supply and demand, society’s income and well-being, inflation, productivity, unemployment, the basic tools of finance, labor, and the “Fed”.&nbsp; Students will examine how parts of the U.S. economy function and develop an awareness of current economic issues and problems.&nbsp;
Online Games: Literature, New Media, and Narrative	Focused on Tolkien and The Lord of the Rings Online, this course explores what happens to stories and films when they are turned into online games.	Intended for both newcomers who are curious about video games and hard-core gamers who want to reflect on their passion, this course will explore what happens to stories, paintings, and films when they become the basis of massively multiplayer online games.&nbsp; The Lord of the Rings trilogy—the novels, films, and video game—are our central example of how “remediation” transforms familiar stories as they move across media.&nbsp; We will study The Lord of the Rings Online™ (LOTRO)&nbsp;against the backdrop of other games such as Final Fantasy, Star Wars: The Old Republic, and Skyrim; narrative theory, intermediality, and game theory; poems by Spenser, Coleridge, Keats, and Browning; fiction by Tolkien and others; and art since the Pre-Raphaelites that has influenced the neo-medievalism of much fantasy literature and gaming.  Drawing on centuries of romance narrative conventions, the twenty-first century gaming industry has become a creative and economic powerhouse.&nbsp; It engages the talents of some of our brightest writers, artists, composers, computer engineers, game theorists, video producers, and marketing professionals, and in 2012, it generated an estimated $64 billion in revenue.&nbsp; Anyone interested in today’s culture needs to be conversant with the ways this new medium is altering our understanding of stories.&nbsp; Join me as we set out on an intellectual adventure, the quest to discover the cultural heritage of online games.
Sustainable Agricultural Land Management 	This course will cover the agricultural and urban water quality issues in Florida, their bases, land and nutrient management strategies, and the science and policy behind the best management practices (BMPs).  Students will learn to evaluate BMP research and analyze its role in determining practices and policies that protect water quality.	Protecting the state’s water from nutrient contamination depends on adopting best management practices (BMPs) for land and nutrient management in the urban and agricultural settings.&nbsp; BMPs must be based on science and be practical and economical to adopt, while meeting society’s needs.
Why We Need Psychology	For adults with an interest in the study of human behaviour – especially those who have often considered studying psychology but who have yet to begin.   	PLEASE NOTE: due to an unforeseen delay in the launch of the University of London International Programmes' undergraduate Psychology programme, on which our Why We Need Psychology Coursera MOOC is based, we will not be able to launch this MOOC as planned in June 2013. &nbsp;We will announce a confirmed launch date as soon as we can: if you are already registered for this course, you will be notified once a new date has been announced; if you have yet to register, feel free to click the ‘star’ above this message to receive a notification as well.This course will introduce students to the discipline of psychology: in particular to the main schools of thought employed to explain human behaviour and to the potential applications of psychology in practice.&nbsp;
Data Management for Clinical Research	Learn critical concepts and practical methods to support research data planning, collection, storage and dissemination.	This course is designed to teach important concepts related to research data planning, collection, storage and dissemination. Instructors will offer information and best-practice guidelines for 1) investigator-initiated &amp; sponsored research studies, 2) single- &amp; multi-center studies, and 3) prospective data collection &amp; secondary-reuse of clinical data for purposes of research. The curriculum will balance theoretical guidelines with the use of practical tools designed to assist in planning and conducting research. Real-world research examples, problem solving exercises and hands-on training will ensure students are comfortable with all concepts. &nbsp;
Introduction to Public Speaking	A report from the National Association of Colleges and Employers shows that employers want job candidates with strong communication skills. Similarly, educational success also requires the ability to articulate your thoughts clearly. In this class, we will study the principles of public speaking; critically examine our own and others’ speeches through interactive practice.	Unlike many oral communication courses and textbooks, this class spends a fair bit of time working through the unique traits of oral versus written communication in order to help students prepare speeches that are easier to deliver orally and understand aurally. The class’s focus on understanding the key parts of an argument and drafting clear and concise arguments translates directly to other academic assignments. In service of this goal, we will study the principles of argumentation and arrangement; critically examine our own speeches and the speeches of others. By becoming a student of public speaking, you join a long history of rhetorical study dating back to ancient Greece.&nbsp;
Innovación educativa con recursos abiertos	Este curso promueve el conocimiento de los recursos educativos abiertos y su integración en el movimiento educativo abierto como una oportunidad para innovar en los procesos formativos.	El curso cubre la temática de la selección, uso y reúso de recursos educativos abiertos, las posibilidades de repositorios que alojan estos materiales, estrategias de búsqueda e integración en procesos formativos, así como de valorar su impacto en los aprendizajes de los participantes.   El participante podrá desarrollar competencias digitales y de diseño Instruccional para integrar recursos educativos abiertos (REA) en los ambientes de aprendizaje.  Un elemento diferenciador será conocer sistemas de indización de recursos concretos, como el Sistema Temoa del Tecnológico de Monterrey.
Competitive Strategy	In this six-week course you will learn how firms behave in situations in which strategic decisions are interdependent, i.e. where my actions affect my competitors' profits and vice versa. Using the basic tools of game theory, we will analyze how firms choose strategies to attain competitive advantage. 	This course is about the behavior of companies in competitive markets. Facing competition forces firms to look ahead and anticipate developments: If my rivals are likely to react to a price cut, I will have to take the expected reaction into account. We focus on such instances of “strategic interdependencies” in real business situations. We will first study the basic concepts of game theory as a toolbox with which we will then analyze strategic “games” in real-life settings. Rather than a set of checklists of “how-to-behave” in a number of prespecified situations, this course will teach you to think about business strategy in a systematic and exciting - and ultimately more successful - way!  We will use our toolbox to address and analyze different decisions firms take: Why do firms preannounce their products? How do price wars happen and when do they end? When should I enter a market in which firms currently make high profits? What makes strategic partnerships work? These are just some examples of the questions we will discuss during the course, but by the end of the course you should be able to apply the concepts to pretty much any business situation.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;
Emerging Trends & Technologies in the Virtual K-12 Classroom	Learn about emerging trends and technologies in K-12 virtual instruction. Join us as we explore this dynamic landscape and investigate how we can more deeply engage students in the virtual classroom through the use of innovative practices and technologies.	Emerging technologies are quickly gaining momentum in the field of virtual K-12 instruction. In this course we will explore how the latest trends in technology affect student learning and engagement. What innovative learning spaces and tools are available to instructors? &nbsp;How can instructors best utilize free and open resources to more deeply engage students in their learning? What impact can the use of emerging technologies have on student retention and&nbsp;performance? As a class we will discuss the possibilities and challenges of using technology in both online and blended environments. Learners will compare and contrast tools for use in K-12 instruction, as well as examine best practices for implementing and managing these tools. Learners will also consider the value of emerging technologies as they relate to social learning, game-based learning, and open content.
Effective Classroom Interactions: Supporting Young Children’s Development	During the early childhood years children gain knowledge and skills that provide the foundation for later learning. Young children learn many of these skills through the interactions they have with their teachers. This course is intended to increase teachers’ knowledge about specific types of teacher-child interactions that promote young children’s development.	When we look at the research about what teachers actually do each day     that makes a difference in children’s lives, there’s clear evidence that     it’s the daily interactions that teachers have with children that are most     important.&nbsp; And we know quite a bit about the specific type of interactions     that lead to children’s development and learning.&nbsp; So this course     focuses on those interactions.&nbsp; By the end of the course, you should     have a deep knowledge and understanding of the types of interactions that     foster learning and development among your students. What do you need to know to be a really effective early childhood     teacher? Teachers need many types of knowledge – knowledge about children’s     development, about the content they’re teaching, about effective teaching     practices, about the needs and abilities of the children in their classrooms,     and about themselves. In this course we’ll focus a bit on knowledge about     children’s development and we’ll spend lots of time focused on knowledge     about specific types of classroom interactions that promote learning and     development. Another part of effective teaching is seeing. All the knowledge     in the world about effective teaching is only a piece of the puzzle. Good     teachers need to see what effective teaching looks like – in lots of different     types of classrooms, with lots of different types of children. Teachers     tell us they don’t get nearly enough opportunities to see other teachers     teach and they report how helpful these experiences are when they do get     them. We’ll spend lots of time in this course focused on observing classroom     videos and we’ll also ask you to spend some time watching yourself teach. Ultimately we can’t learn to be an effective teacher without practice     – we need to spend some time doing – enacting the teaching practices     that we’ll learn about. Just as young children need to do things to really     learn about them – you need to spend some time practicing the types of     interactions we’ll be talking about. There’s one last important element to being an effective teacher. Effective&nbsp;     teachers spend time reflecting on their practice. We think of this     a bit like taking time to really look at your teaching through a magnifying     glass – we’ll give you time to reflect on your teaching and what you have     learned throughout this course. Much of this course is based on the research of Drs. Robert Pianta, Bridget     Hamre and many colleagues UVA and other institutions using the Classroom     Assessment Scoring System – or CLASS(™). CLASS is an observational measure     used in research and practice that defines specific elements of effective     teaching. In this course you will see examples of the kinds of teaching     practices assessed by the CLASS. And you will get opportunities to observe     and analyze your own teaching practice in ways that have been shown to     increase the effectiveness of teachers' interactions with young children.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Coaching Teachers: Promoting Changes that Stick 	Learn and practice strategies for coaching teachers to make meaningful, long-lasting improvements in their instruction. 	Teachers face a blizzard of decisions. Scholars estimate that teachers have over 1000 unique exchanges with students every day, most of which are unplanned and require quick decision making. And then there are the myriad daily decision points related to curriculum planning, assessing student work, and interactions with parents and colleagues. Amidst this frenzy, it’s easy for “bad” habits to set in, and hard to break them once they do.  The question then becomes:   How in such a fast-paced environment can coaches and instructional leaders help teachers execute changes in their practice that actually stick?&nbsp;   Effective teacher-coaches are not just knowledgeable about instruction; they’re also highly strategic in their approach to changing teachers’ behaviors. That starts with preparing teachers to receive critical feedback, and then continues with a careful selection of goals and scaffolds to ensure that feedback is implemented with fidelity.   Oftentimes, teacher coaching suffers from a lack of direction, a lack of support, or both. The coach might tell the teacher to “Do X,” but then fail to articulate clear, measurable steps for implementation.&nbsp; Most commonly, coaches can be overly suggestive, telling the teacher “You might do X, Y, and Z, and maybe even A, B, and C, too.” With an already very full plate, this approach leaves the teacher uncertain of what to focus on first, undercutting the likelihood of meaningful change.   Even teacher coaching that’s described as “good” can sometimes fall short of resulting in meaningful change. The coach might see and say the right things, and the teacher might be very appreciative of the feedback. But unless the coaching drives true changes in behavior, the “good” in this case could actually end up being the enemy of effective.   Match Education trains and employs dozens of coaches who provide intensive support for teachers in Boston and New Orleans. Course participants will be introduced to Match’s Five key principles of effective coaching, which strike the right balance between providing clear direction for teachers, while giving them the support they need to achieve their goals:   1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Permission-based Coaching  Teachers first need to permit themselves to receive coaching in order for meaningful change to occur. A skillful coach needs to know how to ask for and create buy-in for this level of permission. In this session of the course, we focus on concrete strategies that help teachers receive and process critical feedback, while maintaining a “growth mindset” about their practice.   2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Shared Vocabulary and Vision  A teacher coaching relationship must begin with a shared vocabulary for talking about instruction, and a common vision for what excellent teaching looks like. In this session of the course, we introduce a simple observation rubric and several video exercises that a coach could use with a teacher to communicate the parameters of what s/he will be looking for when s/he conducts classroom observations.  3)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Selecting and Setting Measurable Goals   Novice teachers, in particular, often describe the feedback they receive from expert coaches as akin to “drinking from a fire hose” – there’s so much to work on that it becomes difficult to identify and prioritize next steps for their practice. In this session of the course, we focus on how to analyze classroom instruction and select a single, measurable goal that addresses a particularly high leverage aspect of a teacher’s practice.   4)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Delivering Directive Feedback  We believe that teachers need to leave a coaching feedback session with absolute clarity about the steps they should take to achieve their goals. However, the clarity of those steps could easily be obscured by a coach who struggles to deliver candid feedback or to help the teacher articulate concrete, actionable solutions. In this session, we introduce and practice a protocol for debriefing a classroom observation that ensures that teachers have the direction they need to successfully implement a coach’s feedback.   5)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Create Opportunities for Practice   Great coaches don’t just leave it to chance that a teacher is ready to implement feedback after merely discussing what to do. They first try to create opportunities for the teacher to rehearse or apply the action steps in the presence of the coach before the teacher attempts to do it in the classroom. In this session, we explore different exercises for practicing action steps within a coaching feedback session.&nbsp;Course Learning Outcomeso&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe and analyze strategies that help a teacher develop a growth mindset about accepting and acting on critical feedback.  o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe and analyze tools (e.g. observation rubrics) that help teachers and coaches develop a shared vocabulary and vision about excellent classroom practice.   o&nbsp;&nbsp; To derive clear and measurable improvement goals for teachers based on observations of their practice.   o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe and analyze protocols for delivering directive, actionable feedback to teachers.   o&nbsp;&nbsp; To describe and analyze exercises that generate meaningful opportunities to practice implementing feedback.&nbsp;
Recovering the Humankind Past and Saving the Universal Heritage	Archaeology has as its objective the recovery and revival of humankind past, and as its aim the rescue and preservation of cultural heritage.	Archaeology has         as its objective the recovery and revival of humankind past,         and as its aim         the rescue and preservation of cultural heritage. The past was         always the         object of attention in the ancient civilizations. In the modern         world,         Archaeology is no longer about the&nbsp;classification of found objects, but rather about&nbsp;understanding ancient         cultures. Its fascination is precisely in its methods: a path         inevitably         fluctuating between identity and alterity. 
Terrorism and Counterterrorism: comparing theory and practice	Students, policy makers, journalists or anyone with a strong interest in terrorism and counter terrorism studies and trends will find the course most relevant. It will equip you with a range of insights that help you to analyze and understand these complex phenomena. 	  Terrorism has arguably been one of the defining factors of our age. It frequently makes headlines, threatening or attacking governments, private business and ordinary citizens. And in many parts of the world, it has been one of the most important threats to peace, security and stability. But what does this exactly mean? What is the nature of this threat? Who or what is threatened, how, by whom and why? What can be done about it or how can we at least limit the impact of terrorism and make sure that terrorists do not make headlines and manage to scare us?  These are just a handful of questions that will be addressd in this course that consists of three parts. First it focuses on the essence of terrorism as an instrument to achieve certain goals, in addition to an exploration of this phenomenon and the difficulties in defining it. The second part provides an overview of the state of the art in (counter) terrorism studies. Since ‘9/11’ terrorism studies have grown exponentially, reflecting the rise in perceived threats. But what has academia come up with? What theories, assumptions and conventional wisdom has it produced that could be of help in understanding terrorism and dealing with it? The most interesting results are examined and compared with empirical evidence with the aim to either stress their importance or to debunk them as myths. The final part looks into the implications and possibilities for policy making.  
Understanding Einstein: The Special Theory of Relativity	This course offers you the opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the life and work of the young Albert Einstein and especially his mind-bending special theory of relativity. 	In this course we will seek to “understand Einstein,” especially focusing on the special theory of relativity that Albert Einstein, as a 26-year-old patent clerk, introduced in his so-called “miracle year” of 1905. Our goal will be to go behind the myth-making and beyond the popularized presentations of relativity in order to gain a deeper understanding of both Einstein the person and the concepts, predictions, and strange paradoxes of his theory. Some of the questions we will address include: How did Einstein come up with his ideas? What was the nature of his genius? What is the meaning of relativity? What’s “special” about the special theory of relativity? Why did the theory initially seem to be dead on arrival? What does it mean to say that time is the “fourth dimension”? Can time actually run more slowly for one person than another, and the size of things change depending on their velocity? Is time travel possible, and if so, how? Why can’t things travel faster than the speed of light? Is it possible to travel to the center of the galaxy and return in one lifetime? Is there any evidence that definitively confirms the theory, or is it mainly speculation? Why didn’t Einstein win the Nobel Prize for the theory of relativity?  Students may choose one of three approaches to the course: a more quantitative approach, a more qualitative approach, or an auditing approach. The more quantitative approach will include weekly problem sets, while the more qualitative approach will include a creative project relating to the young Einstein and/or the special theory of relativity. 
中國古代歷史與人物－－秦始皇	這是一門透過全新方式設計的歷史入門課，目的在於使非文史專業的學生重新發現學習歷史的樂趣，並重新認識學習歷史的價值。	在近代以前，歷史學是培養各種領袖與人才的必備教育，因為它能夠使人對過去「稽其興壞成敗之理」、「原始察終，見盛觀衰」（《史記‧太史公自序》）。「中國古代歷史與人物」這門課程希望回到歷史學的原點，藉由具體的事例，來探索「讀歷史到底有什麼用？」。從東周到秦漢是中國歷史上承先啟後的鉅變時期，更是一個英雄輩出、波瀾壯闊的大時代。而秦始皇正是主導這個時代，且令後世爭議不絕的歷史關鍵人物之一。本課程將利用現代歷史學的各種取徑，以原典史料為中心，結合出土文獻、考古成果、古代文物等，對歷史人物進行多角度的剖析，探索秦始皇及其統治集團成功和失敗的祕密究竟何在，並希望使同學藉此明瞭歷史學的功用與價值。
Soul Beliefs: Causes and Consequences	Exploration of the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul. Topics such as the self, mind/body dualism, evolution, culture, death anxiety, afterlife, and religious and political conflict.	Throughout history, the vast majority of people around the globe have     believed they have, however defined, a “soul.” While the question of whether     the soul exists cannot be answered by science, what we can study are the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul and its prospects of surviving the death of the body. Why are soul and afterlife beliefs so common in human history? Are there adaptive advantages to assuming souls exist?&nbsp; Are there brain structures that have been shaped by environmental pressures that provide the foundation of body/mind dualism that is such a prominent feature of many religions? How do these beliefs shape the worldviews of different cultures and our collective lives? What is the role of competing afterlife beliefs in religion, science, politics, and war? This course explores several facets of this relatively unexplored but profoundly important aspect of human thought and behavior.    
Confronting The Big Questions: Highlights of Modern Astronomy	An introduction to the most modern astronomy's most important questions. The four sections of the course are Planets and Life in The Universe; The Life of Stars; Galaxies and Their Environments; The History of The Universe.	This course provides students with a short overview of structure and content of the Universe. &nbsp;Each week will cover one question. &nbsp;In week one we address the issue of extra-solar planets - planets orbiting other stars and ask what do we know about these alien worlds touching on issues of life in the Universe as well. In the second week we explore the life of stars. &nbsp;The third week looks at galaxies their history and their distribution across space. &nbsp;The last two lectures explore cosmology - the history of the Universe as a whole. Each lecture will use online interactives developed for the textbook that will help students gain an understanding of the dynamic nature of the topic. &nbsp;By the end of the class students will have gained an overview of the Universe they inhabit and an understanding of its biggest unresolved questions.
Network Analysis in Systems Biology	An introduction to network analysis and statistical methods used in contemporary Systems Biology and Systems Pharmacology research. 	The course Network Analysis in Systems Biology provides an introduction to network analysis and statistical methods used in contemporary Systems Biology and Systems Pharmacology research. Students will learn how to construct, analyze and visualize different types of molecular networks, including gene regulatory networks connecting transcription factors to their target genes, protein-protein interaction networks, cell signaling pathways and networks, metabolic networks, drug-target and drug-drug similarity networks and functional association networks. Methods to process raw data from genome-wide RNA (microarrays and RNA-seq) and proteomics (IP-MS and phosphoproteomics) profiling will be presented. Processed data will be clustered, and gene-set enrichment analyses methods will be covered. The course will also discuss topics in network systems pharmacology including processing and using databases of drug-target interactions, drug structure, drug/adverse-events, and drug induced gene expression signatures.&nbsp;&nbsp;   We take a case-based approach to teach contemporary statistical and network analysis methods used to analyze data within Systems Biology and Systems Pharmacology research. The course is appropriate for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates. Lectures provide background knowledge in understanding the properties of large datasets collected from mammalian cells. In the course we will teach how these datasets can be analyzed to extract new knowledge about the system. Such analyses include clustering, data visualization techniques, network construction and visualization, and gene-set enrichment analyses. The course will be useful for students who encounter large datasets in their own research, typically genome-wide and would like to learn different methods to understand such data. The course will teach the students how to use existing software tools such as those developed by the Ma’ayan Laboratory at Mount Sinai, but also other freely available software tools. In addition the course requires the students to write short scripts in Python. Students can bring their own data to the course and utilize the methods they learn to analyze their own data for their own projects.
Introduction to Systems Biology	An introduction to current concepts of how cellular molecules come together to form systems, how these systems exhibit emergent properties, and how these properties are used to make cellular decisions.	This course will introduce the student to contemporary Systems Biology focused on mammalian cells, their constituents and their functions.&nbsp; Biology is moving from molecular to modular. As our knowledge of our genome and gene expression deepens and we develop lists of molecules (proteins, lipids, ions) involved in cellular processes, we need to understand how these molecules interact with each other to form modules that act as discrete functional systems.&nbsp; These systems underlie core subcellular processes such as signal transduction, transcription, motility and electrical excitability. In turn these processes come together to exhibit cellular behaviors such as secretion, proliferation and action potentials. What are the properties of such subcellular and cellular systems?&nbsp;&nbsp; What are the mechanisms by which emergent behaviors of systems arise?&nbsp; What types of experiments inform systems-level thinking? Why do we need computation and simulations to understand these systems?  The course will develop multiple lines of reasoning to answer the questions listed above. Two major reasoning threads are: the design, execution and interpretation of multivariable experiments that produce large data sets; quantitative reasoning, models and simulations.&nbsp; Examples will be discussed to demonstrate “how” cell- level functions arise and “why” mechanistic knowledge allows us to predict cellular behaviors leading to disease states and drug responses.
The Modern and the Postmodern	This course examines how the idea of "the modern" develops at the end of the 18th century in European philosophy and literature, and how being modern (or progressive, or hip) became one of the crucial criteria for understanding and evaluating cultural change. Are we still in modernity, or have we moved beyond the modern to the postmodern?	In this course we shall examine how the idea of "the modern" develops at the end of the 18th century in European intellectual history, and how being modern (or progressive, or hip) became one of the crucial criteria for understanding and evaluating cultural change during the last two hundred years in the West. We shall be concerned with the relations between culture and historical change, and our materials shall be drawn from a variety of areas: philosophy, the novel, and critical theory. Finally, we shall try to determine what it means to be modern today, and whether it makes sense to go beyond the modern to the postmodern.    The Modern and the Postmodern traces the intertwining of the idea of modernity with the idea of art or culture from the late 18th century until the present. Beginning with the Enlightenment, Western cultures have invested heavily in the notion that the world can be made more of a home for human beings through the development of culture (and technology). Throughout this period there has also developed a strong, sophisticated counter-movement that sees the Enlightenment effort as a disaster – destructive of both art and of the world.    The Western idea of modernity is linked to but not the same as the idea of modernism. We will examine both in this class and then consider postmodernism in relation both to the philosophical idea of modernity and to the aesthetic considerations of modernism.    This course covers a lot of ground, historically, conceptually and aesthetically. There is much to read, and very different kinds of reading: from philosophy to novels, from theory to poetry. Not all students will like all the reading, but if you digest it all, you should have a clearer sense of the cultural history of our present.     Students should develop a historical, literary and philosophical understanding of some of the key themes of modernity and modernism in the West. They should learn to read classic and contemporary texts for their arguments, beauty and pertinence. They should see why these texts are “good to think with,” and, it is hoped, they will develop an appetite for further study in the areas covered by the course. 
Software Defined Networking	In this course, you will learn about software defined networking and how it is changing the way communications networks are managed, maintained, and secured.	        This   course introduces software defined networking, an emerging paradigm in   computer networking that allows a logically centralized software program to   control the behavior of an entire network. &nbsp;   Separating   a network's control logic from the underlying physical routers and switches   that forward traffic allows network operators to write high-level control   programs that specify the behavior of an entire network, in contrast to   conventional networks, whereby network operators must codify functionality in   terms of low-level device configuration. &nbsp;   Logically   centralized network control makes it possible for operators to specify more   complex tasks that involve integrating many disjoint network functions (e.g.,   security, resource control, prioritization) into a single control framework,   allowing network operators to create more sophisticated policies, and making   network configurations easier to configure, manage, troubleshoot, and   debug.&nbsp;   &nbsp;      
Principles of Macroeconomics	 All of us are affected by macroeconomic forces – they shape the very world we live in. And governments all around the world try to shape those forces in ways that (hopefully) improve the lives of their constituents. In this subject, we will examine the major theories used by macro economists to analyse national economies and the international economy. 	In this course, we will examine the main bodies of economic theory that have been used to guide economists’ and policy makers’ understanding of the macroeconomy. Macroeconomics is a word derived from the Greek prefix “makros”, meaning large. It is the study of economic aggregates, of national and international economies and of the economic management role played by governments and international organisations.   The founder of modern macroeconomics, the British economist John Maynard Keynes, famously wrote “The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed, the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences, are usually slaves of some defunct economist.” This will be the key theme we explore in the course, the influence of theory and the way that policy responses to events like recession, unemployment, inflation and the Global Financial Crisis, reflect that theory.  We will cover important macroeconomic concepts such as the national accounts, unemployment and inflation, explain how the ideas associated with John Maynard Keynes laid the foundation for governments’ active management of the macroeconomy in the post war era, and examine the intellectual basis for the monetary and fiscal policy responses to the Global Financial Crisis.&nbsp; Economists’ approaches to the analysis of long run economic growth will also be considered. The approach will be critical. There are few areas of human endeavour that attract so much debate and disagreement as the management of a modern industrial economy. We will not shy away from those debates. But what we will do is emphasise the systematic theorising that underlies the way macroeconomists and policy makers approach their task. The aim is to enable those who take the course to become informed analysts of the macroeconomy and of current (and past) macroeconomic policy debates.Image source: Nilss Olekalns University of Melbourne 2012
Discrete Optimization	Tired of solving Sudokus by hand? This class teaches you how to solve complex search problems with discrete optimization, including constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming.	Optimization technology is ubiquitous in our society. It schedules planes and their crews, coordinates the production of steel, and organizes the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. Optimization clears the day-ahead and real-time markets to deliver electricity to millions of people. It organizes kidney exchanges and cancer treatments and helps scientists understand the fundamental fabric of life, control complex chemical reactions, and design drugs that may benefit billions of individuals.This class is an introduction to discrete optimization and exposes students to some of the most fundamental concepts and algorithms in the field. It covers constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming from their foundations to their applications for complex practical problems in areas such as scheduling, vehicle&nbsp;routing, supply-chain optimization, and resource allocation.An introductory lecture to the course can viewed here.
Epigenetic Control of Gene Expression	Each mammalian cell has the same genes, yet performs distinct functions. This is achieved by epigenetic control of gene expression; the switching on and switching off of genes. This course will cover the principles of epigenetic control of gene expression, how epigenetic control contributes to cellular differentiation and development, and how it goes wrong in disease.	While the human genome sequence has transformed our understanding of human biology, it isn’t just the sequence of your DNA that matters, but also how you use it! How are some genes activated and others are silenced? How is this controlled? The answer is epigenetics. &nbsp;  Epigenetics has been a hot topic for research over the past decade as it has become clear that aberrant epigenetic control contributes to disease (particularly to cancer). Epigenetic alterations are heritable through cell division, and in some instances are able to behave similarly to mutations in terms of their stability. Importantly, unlike genetic mutations, epigenetic modifications are reversible and therefore have the potential to be manipulated therapeutically. It has also become clear in recent years that epigenetic modifications are sensitive to the environment (for example diet), which has sparked a large amount of public debate and research.  This course will give an introduction to the fundamentals of epigenetic control. We will examine epigenetic phenomena that are manifestations of epigenetic control in several organisms, with a focus on mammals. We will examine the interplay between epigenetic control and the environment and finally the role of aberrant epigenetic control in disease.
Animal Behaviour	This course will help you understand the remarkable behaviors of wild animals from an evolutionary perspective.   [Image: Peacock spider. Photo by Jürgen Otto, Manakin bird footage (Ex-Riddle of the Sexes) reproduced with permission, courtesy of BBC Worldwide Ltd]	Many of us derive inspiration from watching natural history documentaries and their astounding catalogue of wild animal&nbsp;behaviours.&nbsp; In this course, we will explore how scientists study animal behaviour, and in particular how behaviour is shaped by&nbsp;the evolutionary forces of natural and sexual selection.&nbsp;Topics include&nbsp;resource acquisition; avoiding enemies; mate choice and sexual conflict; cues, signals and communication; parental care and social behaviour; and the role of genes, hormones and learning in regulating behavioural diversity.&nbsp;&nbsp;We draw on examples from across the animal kingdom to illustrate&nbsp;the complex mechanisms underlying adaptations,&nbsp;and complement these with natural history videos that highlight key concepts. We evaluate the scientific rigour of studies used to test theory, and highlight the often ingenious methods adopted by researchers to understand animal behaviour.
Machine Learning	Why write programs when the computer can instead learn them from data? In this class you will learn how to make this happen, from the simplest machine learning algorithms to quite sophisticated ones. Enjoy!	Machine learning algorithms can figure out how to perform important tasks by generalizing from examples. This is often feasible and cost-effective when manual programming is not. Machine learning (also known as data mining, pattern recognition and predictive analytics) is used widely in business, industry, science and government, and &nbsp;there is a great shortage of experts in it. If you pick up a machine learning textbook you may find it forbiddingly mathematical, but in this class you will learn that the key ideas and algorithms are in fact quite intuitive. And powerful!Most of the class will be devoted to supervised learning (in other words, learning in which a teacher provides the learner with the correct answers at training time). This is the most mature and widely used type of machine learning. We will cover the main supervised learning techniques, including decision trees, rules, instances, Bayesian techniques, neural networks, model ensembles, and support vector machines. We will also touch on learning theory with an emphasis on its practical uses. Finally, we will cover the two main classes of unsupervised learning methods: clustering and dimensionality reduction. Throughout the class there will be an emphasis not just on individual algorithms but on ideas that cut across them and tips for making them work.In the class projects you will build your own implementations of machine learning algorithms and apply them to problems like spam filtering, clickstream mining, recommender systems, and computational biology. This will get you as close to becoming a machine learning expert as you can in ten weeks!
Exploring Quantum Physics	An introduction to quantum physics with emphasis on topics at the frontiers of research, and developing understanding through exercise.	Quantum physics is the foundation for much of modern technology, provides the framework for understanding light and matter from the subatomic to macroscopic domains, and makes possible the most precise measurements ever made.&nbsp; More than just a theory, it offers a way of looking at the world that grows richer with experience and practice.&nbsp; Our course will provide some of that practice and teach  you "tricks of the trade" (not found in textbooks) that will enable you  to solve quantum-mechanical problems yourself and understand the subject  at a deeper level.  The basic principles of quantum physics are actually quite simple, but they lead to astonishing outcomes. &nbsp;Two examples that we will look at from various perspectives are the prediction of the laser by Albert Einstein in 1917 and the prediction of antimatter by Paul Dirac in 1928.&nbsp; Both of these predictions came from very simple arguments in quantum theory, and led to results that transformed science and society.&nbsp; Another familiar phenomenon, magnetism, had been known since antiquity, but only with the advent of quantum physics was it understood how magnets worked, to a degree that made possible the discovery in the 1980’s of ultrastrong rare-earth magnets.&nbsp; However, lasers, antimatter and magnets are areas of vibrant research, and they are all encountered in the new field of ultracold atomic physics that will provide much of the material of “Exploring Quantum Physics”.  Richard Feynman once said, “I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics.”&nbsp; We say, that’s no reason not to try! What Feynman was referring to are some of the “spooky” phenomena like quantum entanglement, which are incomprehensible from the standpoint of classical physics. Even though they have been thoroughly tested by experiment, and are even being exploited for applications such as cryptography and logic processing, they still seem so counterintuitive that they give rise to extraordinary ideas such as the many-world theory. Quantum physics combines a spectacular record of discovery and predictive success, with foundational perplexities so severe that even Albert Einstein came to believe that it was wrong.&nbsp; This is what makes it such an exciting area of science!
Introduction to Tissue Engineering	Step into the world of Tissue Engineering, a rapidly expanding field of applied biology aiming to create artificial organs for transplantation, basic research, or drug development.	Tissue Engineering is a rapidly expanding field of applied biology and     biomedical engineering that aims to create artificial organs for transplantation,     basic research, or drug development. A fascinating aspect of the field     is the fundamental need to integrate knowledge of organic chemistry, cell     biology, genetics, mechanics and transport processes to create functional     organs. The process uncovers the fascinating complexity of living tissues,     and the joy of creation. &nbsp; This course will review basic cell culture techniques, structure function     relationships, cellular communication, natural and artificial biomaterials,     and the basic equations governing cell survival and tissue organization.&nbsp;
Dynamical Modeling Methods for Systems Biology	An introduction to dynamical modeling techniques used in contemporary Systems Biology research.	We take a case-based approach to teach contemporary mathematical modeling techniques.&nbsp; The course is appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students.&nbsp; Lectures provide biological background and describe the development of both classical mathematical models and more recent representations of biological processes.&nbsp; The course will be useful for students who plan to use experimental techniques as their approach in the laboratory and employ computational modeling as a tool to draw deeper understanding of experiments. The course should also be valuable as an introductory overview for students planning to conduct original research in modeling biological systems.    This course focuses on dynamical modeling techniques used in Systems Biology research.&nbsp; These techniques are based on biological mechanisms, and simulations with these models generate predictions that can subsequently be tested experimentally. These testable predictions frequently provide novel insight into biological processes.&nbsp; The approaches taught here can be grouped into the following categories:&nbsp; 1) ordinary differential equation-based models, 2) partial differential equation-based models, and 3) stochastic models.&nbsp; 
Exercise Physiology: Understanding the Athlete Within	Learn about the physiological responses to acute and chronic exercise and their relevance for athletic performance.	This course examines the physiological responses to acute and chronic exercise, with a focus on skeletal muscle, energy metabolism, the oxygen transport system and temperature and fluid balance.&nbsp; The factors that limit exercise performance will be reviewed and the role of genes in determining athletic performance will be considered.&nbsp; At the end of this course, you should have a better understanding of the athlete within!
Climate Change	This course develops an interdisciplinary understanding of the social, political, economic and scientific perspectives on climate change.	What is Climate Change? How should we respond to Climate Change? These questions are complex, not least because the responses available to us depend upon who is providing the answers and the particular perspective they take. The economist sees the economic challenges and opportunities of Climate Change; the scientist sees the need to describe and explain Climate Change; the policy-maker and social scientist see Climate Change as a social problem. Therefore, the first step to understanding Climate Change and what we do about it is to see how experts from different disciplines engage with&nbsp;the issue. The second step is to appreciate how our response to Climate Change depends upon the interplay between these different approaches.  This course offers you an introduction to different disciplinary perspectives on Climate Change to help you think about how Climate Change affects you as an individual, as a member of your local community, as a citizen of your country and as a member of the global community. We have designed the presentations, discussions, activities and assessment tasks in this course to help you understand what Climate Change is and what you – and we – should do about it.     
Generating the Wealth of Nations	A survey of the history of economic development in the world in the past 300 years.	If you had been alive at the start of the eighteenth century, your material well-being would have been much the same whichever region of the world you lived in, and it would almost certainly have been a precarious existence.&nbsp; Go back 300 years before the eighteenth century, and not much was different.&nbsp; But come forward 300 years to the present, and we see a startling transformation.   Incomes in some parts of the world have increased more than ten-fold; and now it most certainly does matter where you live – with income differentials of 50 times between the world’s richest and poorest countries.&nbsp; What has changed in the past 300 years is the development and application of new technologies at a pace unprecedented in human history – the steam engine, electricity and the computer, to name just a few.&nbsp; With these developments, for those who have access to them, have come huge gains in living standards.  In this course we’ll explore the spectacular (but uneven) story of economic development – beginning with the Malthusian era, moving on to the take-off of growth in the Industrial Revolution and the Great Divergence in living standards that followed, and finishing in the present with the Global Financial Crisis.&nbsp; We’ll cover the main episodes and events in the development of the world economy in the past 300 years, and have something to say about most regions of the world.&nbsp; As well as dealing with ‘what happened’, the course will emphasise what is known about ‘why’ – and what lessons historical experience can provide for understanding how some countries today are so rich yet others remain so poor.Course image: Copyright JL Brown. Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0) 
Passion Driven Statistics	With existing data, you will develop skills in data analysis and basic statistics by exploring your own research question.	In this project-based course, you will have the opportunity to answer a question that you feel passionately about through independent research based on existing data. Students will have the opportunity to develop skills in generating testable hypotheses, preparing data for analysis, conducting descriptive and inferential statistical analyses, and presenting research findings.
Introduction to Pharmacy	This course is a survey of the profession of pharmacy including its history, evolving scope of practice, ethical foundations, regulation, educational and career opportunities, and more. We will also explore topics relating to medication use and drug development.	  Man has always used external materials to help prevent, cure, or alleviate     the symptoms of disease. In fact, Gregory Higby of the American Institute     of the History of Pharmacy has written&nbsp;that, “...the very concept     of influencing bodily functions via an outside force must be considered     one of humanity’s greatest advances.” Since its independent&nbsp;origins     in ancient Arabic civilizations, pharmacy has evolved from a craft dedicated     to the compounding of drugs to a profession focusing on helping patients     get the best outcomes from medication therapies. So what is pharmacy? How has it changed and where is it headed? This course will answer these questions and provide a comprehensive introduction     to this profession. We will explore the history of pharmacy and its evolving     scope of practice; examine educational and career pathways; tackle issues     relating to medication safety and adverse drug events; gain insight into     the regulatory and ethical considerations in pharmacy practice; and more. As we explore these topics together, we will hear from practicing pharmacists     throughout the course and ultimately gain a better understanding of what     they do and how they help us get the best results from our medications.     Maybe you will decide that the dynamic profession of pharmacy is a career     path that you want to pursue! &nbsp;Whether student or healthcare consumer,     you’re sure to find the material we cover in this course to be invaluable.
Model Thinking	In this class, you will learn how to think with models and use them to make sense of the complex world around us.	We live in a complex world with diverse people, firms, and governments whose behaviors aggregate to produce novel, unexpected phenomena. We see political uprisings, market crashes, and a never ending array of social trends. How do we make sense of it? Models. Evidence shows that people who think with models consistently outperform those who don't. And, moreover people who think with lots of models outperform people who use only one. Why do models make us better thinkers? Models help us to better organize information - to make sense of that fire hose or hairball of data (choose your metaphor) available on the Internet. Models improve our abilities to make accurate forecasts. They help us make better decisions and adopt more effective strategies. They even can improve our ability to design institutions and procedures. In this class, I present a starter kit of models: I start with models of tipping points. I move on to cover models explain the wisdom of crowds, models that show why some countries are rich and some are poor, and models that help unpack the strategic decisions of firm and politicians. The models covered in this class provide a foundation for future social science classes, whether they be in economics, political science, business, or sociology. Mastering this material will give you a huge leg up in advanced courses. They also help you in life. Here's how the course will work. For each model, I present a short, easily digestible overview lecture. Then, I'll dig deeper. I'll go into the technical details of the model. Those technical lectures won't require calculus but be prepared for some algebra. For all the lectures, I'll offer some questions and we'll have quizzes and even a final exam. If you decide to do the deep dive, and take all the quizzes and the exam, you'll receive a certificate of completion. If you just decide to follow along for the introductory lectures to gain some exposure that's fine too. It's all free. And it's all here to help make you a better thinker!
Computer Science 101	CS101 teaches the essential ideas of Computer Science for a zero-prior-experience audience. The course uses small coding experiments in the browser to play with the nature of computers, understanding their strengths and limitations. Sign up for the "To be announced" session to be notified by email when the class is next run, and sign up for "Self-Study" to start browsing the class materials right away. Self-Study mode makes all the videos and assignments available to be done at your own pace, but without a certificate of completion at the end.	CS101 teaches the essential ideas of Computer Science for a zero-prior-experience audience. Computers can appear very complicated, but in reality, computers work within just a few, simple patterns. CS101 demystifies and brings those patterns to life, which is useful for anyone using computers today. In CS101, students play and experiment with short bits of "computer code" to bring to life to the power and limitations of computers. Everything works within the browser, so there is no extra software to download or install. CS101 also provides a general background on computers today: what is a computer, what is hardware, what is software, what is the internet. No previous experience is required other than the ability to use a web browser. Here is&nbsp;another video&nbsp;Nick created for this class.
Introduction to Databases	This course covers database design and the use of database management systems for applications.	"Introduction to Databases" had a very successful public offering in fall 2011, as one of Stanford's inaugural three massive open online courses. Since then, the course materials have been improved and expanded, and all materials are available for self-study. Students have access to lectures with in-video quizzes, multiple-choice quiz assignments, automatically-checked interactive programming exercises, midterm and final exams, a discussion forum, optional additional exercises with solutions, and pointers to readings and resources. Taught by Professor Jennifer Widom, the curriculum draws from Stanford's popular Introduction to Databases course. The material presented here is the same as the corresponding material presented on Stanford's Class2Go platform.    Why Learn About Databases? Databases are incredibly prevalent -- they underlie technology used by most people every day if not every hour. Databases reside behind a huge fraction of websites; they're a crucial component of telecommunications systems, banking systems, video games, and just about any other software system or electronic device that maintains some amount of persistent information. In addition to persistence, database systems provide a number of other properties that make them exceptionally useful and convenient: reliability, efficiency, scalability, concurrency control, data abstractions, and high-level query languages. Databases are so ubiquitous and important that computer science graduates frequently cite their database class as the one most useful to them in their industry or graduate-school careers.
Introduction to Logic	In this course, you will learn how to formalize information and reason systematically to produce logical conclusions. We will also examine logic technology and its applications - in mathematics, science, engineering, business, law, and so forth.	Logic is one of the oldest intellectual disciplines in human history.     It dates back to the times of Aristotle; it has been studied through the     centuries; and it is still a subject of active investigation today. This course is a basic introduction to Logic. It shows how to formalize     information in form of logical sentences. It shows how to reason systematically     with this information to produce all logical conclusions and only logical     conclusions. And it examines logic technology and its applications - in     mathematics, science, engineering, business, law, and so forth. The course differs from other introductory courses in Logic in two important     ways. First of all, it teaches a novel theory of logic that improves accessibility     while preserving rigor. Second, the material is laced with interactive     demonstrations and exercises that suggest the many practical applications     of the field.
Automata	This course covers finite automata, context-free grammars, Turing machines, undecidable problems, and intractable problems (NP-completeness).	I am pleased to be able to offer free over the Internet a course on Automata Theory, based on the material I have taught periodically at Stanford in the course CS154. Students have access to screencast lecture videos, are given quiz questions, assignments and exams, receive regular feedback on progress, and can participate in a discussion forum. Those who successfully complete the course will receive a statement of accomplishment. You will need a decent Internet connection for accessing course materials, but should be able to watch the videos on your smartphone. The course covers four broad areas: (1) Finite automata and regular expressions, (2) Context-free grammars, (3) Turing machines and decidability, and (4) the theory of intractability, or NP-complete problems.Why Study Automata Theory?This subject is not just for those planning to enter the field of complexity theory, although it is a good place to start if that is your goal. Rather, the course will emphasize those aspects of the theory that people really use in practice. Finite automata, regular expressions, and context-free grammars are ideas that have stood the test of time. They are essential tools for compilers. But more importantly, they are used in many systems that require input that is less general than a full programming language yet more complex than "push this button."The concepts of undecidable problems and intractable problems serve a different purpose. Undecidable problems are those for which no computer solution can ever exist, while intractable problems are those for which there is strong evidence that, although they can be solved by a computer, they cannot be solved sufficiently fast that the solution is truly useful in practice. Understanding this theory, and in particular being able to prove that a problem you are facing belongs to one of these classes, allows you to justify taking another approach — simplifying the problem or writing code to approximate the solution, for example.During the course, I'm going to prove a number of things. The purpose of these proofs is not to torture you or confuse you. Neither are the proofs there because I doubt you would believe me were I merely to state some well-known fact. Rather, understanding how these proofs, especially inductive proofs, work, lets you think more clearly about your own work. I do not advocate proofs that programs are correct, but whenever you attempt something a bit complex, it is good to have in mind the inductive proofs that would be needed to guarantee that what you are doing really works in all cases.
Compilers	This course will discuss the major ideas used today in the implementation of programming language compilers. You will learn how a program written in a high-level language designed for humans is systematically translated into a program written in low-level assembly more suited to machines!	This course will discuss the major ideas used today in the implementation of programming language compilers, including lexical analysis, parsing, syntax-directed translation, abstract syntax trees, types and type checking, intermediate languages, dataflow analysis, program optimization, code generation, and runtime systems. As a result, you will learn how a program written in a high-level language designed for humans is systematically translated into a program written in low-level assembly more suited to machines. Along the way we will also touch on how programming languages are designed, programming language semantics, and why there are so many different kinds of programming languages. The course lectures will be presented in short videos. To help you master the material, there will be in-lecture questions to answer, quizzes, and two exams: a midterm and a final. There will also be homework in the form of exercises that ask you to show a sequence of logical steps needed to derive a specific result, such as the sequence of steps a type checker would perform to type check a piece of code, or the sequence of steps a parser would perform to parse an input string. This checking technology is the result of ongoing research at Stanford into developing innovative tools for education, and we're excited to be the first course ever to make it available to students. An optional course project is to write a complete compiler for COOL, the Classroom Object Oriented Language. COOL has the essential features of a realistic programming language, but is small and simple enough that it can be implemented in a few thousand lines of code. Students who choose to do the project can implement it in either C++ or Java.I hope you enjoy the course! Why Study Compilers? Everything that computers do is the result of some program, and all of the millions of programs in the world are written in one of the many thousands of programming languages that have been developed over the last 60 years. Designing and implementing a programming language turns out to be difficult; some of the best minds in computer science have thought about the problems involved and contributed beautiful and deep results. Learning something about compilers will show you the interplay of theory and practice in computer science, especially how powerful general ideas combined with engineering insight can lead to practical solutions to very hard problems. Knowing how a compiler works will also make you a better programmer and increase your ability to learn new programming languages quickly. 
Computer Security	Learn how to design secure systems and write secure code. 	In this class you will learn how to design secure systems and write secure code. You will learn how to find vulnerabilities in code and how to design software systems that limit the impact of security vulnerabilities. We will focus on principles for building secure systems and give many real world examples. In addition, the course will cover topics such as:memory safety vulnerabilitiestechniques and tools for vulnerability detection and defensesecurity principles such as sandboxing, isolation and least privilegemobile platform and application securitybasic crypto conceptsweb securitynetwork securitymalware detection and defenseCourse homework and labs will help students practice the concepts and techniques learned in class, such as how to find vulnerabilities and how to fix them. The labs and projects are designed to help students practice the principles of secure system design.
Introduction to Psychology as a Science	Learn about how psychology has developed a body of knowledge about behavior and mind through the use of scientific methods.  All areas of psychology will be covered.	Since we were young children, we have tried to understand, to predict, and to control behavior.&nbsp; We first dealt with our parents and teachers, and later our friends and companions.&nbsp; This course shows, however, how the understanding, prediction, and control of behavior require scientific validation.&nbsp; By using tools that are systematic and objective, psychology has learned how people behave and think.  Psychology is a very broad field of study and the course will include discussions of the brain and nervous system, sensation and perception, learning, memory, intelligence and thinking, lifespan development, emotion and motivation, personality, social behavior, behavioral disorders, and psychological treatment of disorders.&nbsp; The course will include short lecture modules, demonstrations and experiments, and writing assignments.  
English Composition I: Achieving Expertise	You will gain a foundation for college-level writing valuable for nearly any field. Students will learn how to read carefully, write effective arguments, understand the writing process, engage with others' ideas, cite accurately, and craft powerful prose. We will create a workshop environment. 	English Composition I provides an introduction to and foundation for the academic reading and writing characteristic of college. Attending explicitly to disciplinary context, you will learn to read critically, write effective arguments, understand the writing process, and craft powerful prose that meets readers’ expectations. You will gain writing expertise by exploring questions about expertise itself: What factors impact expert achievement? What does it take to succeed? Who determines success? Since personal investment yields better writing, you can select an area of expertise meaningful to you (a hobby, trade, profession, discipline, etc.) for your major writing projects, which will be drafted and revised in sequenced stages: a critical response to an argument about expertise (2pp.); an explication of a visual image (2pp.); a case study of an expert (4pp.) and an Op-Ed (2 pp.). Your writing will be central to the course as we create a seminar/workshop structure with peer response and selected instructor feedback.&nbsp;Two overarching assumptions about academic writing will shape our work:&nbsp; 1) it is transferable; 2) it is learnable. Being an effective academic writer involves asking meaningful questions and engaging in complex dialogue with texts and ideas. These skills are useful across virtually all academic disciplines and they provide a valuable means for making sense of non-academic experiences as well. Perhaps even more important, though, is that learning how to write effectively does not require inspiration or genius, but hard work, reflection, and feedback. This means that, with practice, dedication, and working with others, you can be an effective academic writer and contribute your ideas to important, ongoing conversations. Let's start now.   Share why you want to improve your writingFind out what others say about writing 
Introduction to Psychology	This course is all about you ... your mind, your behavior, and what underlies them both.  It will be a fast paced tour of the most important experiments in psychology, one that is intended to fascinate, inform, and provoke deep thought.  Come learn about yourself with us!	This course will highlight the most interesting experiments within the field of psychology, discussing the implications of those studies for our understanding of the human mind and human behavior. &nbsp;We will explore the brain and some of the cognitive abilities it supports like memory, learning, attention, perception and consciousness. &nbsp;We will examine human development - both in terms of growing up and growing old - and will discuss the manner in which the behavior of others affect our own thoughts and behavior. &nbsp;Finally we will discuss various forms of mental illness and the treatments that are used to help those who suffer from them. &nbsp;  The fact of the matter is that humans routinely do amazing things without appreciating how interesting they are. &nbsp;However, we are also routinely influenced by people and events without always being aware of those influences. &nbsp;By the end of this course you will have gained a much better understanding and appreciation of who you are and how you work. &nbsp;And I can guarantee you that you'll learn things that you'll be telling your friends and family about, things that will fundamentally change the way you think of yourself and others. &nbsp;How can you resist that?!
Statistics: Making Sense of Data	This course is an introduction to the key ideas and principles of the collection, display, and analysis of data to guide you in making valid and appropriate conclusions about the world.	We live in a world where data are increasingly available, in ever larger quantities, and are increasingly expected to form the basis for decisions by governments, businesses, and other organizations, as well as by individuals in their daily lives. To cope effectively, every informed citizen must be statistically literate. &nbsp;This course will provide an intuitive introduction to applied statistical reasoning,&nbsp; introducing fundamental statistical skills and acquainting students with the full process of inquiry and evaluation used in investigations in a wide range of fields.&nbsp; In particular, the course will cover methods of data collection, constructing effective graphical and numerical displays to understand the data, how to estimate and describe the error in estimates of some important quantities, and the key ideas in how statistical tests can be used to separate significant differences from those that are only a reflection of the natural variability in data.
Citizenship and U.S. Immigration	What does it mean for an immigrant to become a U.S. citizen? Through a background of historical and policy perspectives, this course will examine U.S. law governing how citizenship is acquired, the constitutional and international law foundations underlying immigration regulation, the role of the federal government in regulating immigration, and immigration law reform.  	This course analyzes the historical origins of citizenship and immigration in the United States and provides an overview of modern U.S. law.&nbsp; Beyond traditional notions of “law,” the course also includes significant elements of immigration policy, social science, history, political theory, and ethics. &nbsp;One goal of the course is to provide a basic knowledge base for students to make and influence law and policy in immigration and citizenship.  Among the questions the course will explore:  How is U.S. citizenship acquired?&nbsp; Can it be lost?What is the origin and significance of the U.S. practice of awarding citizenship to anyone born here?Who decides who can enter the country, and who must leave?What rights do non-citizens have?&nbsp; What about those who have entered the country illegally?What is most needed for immigration reform in the US?
Introduction to Digital Sound Design	Sounds and music are embedded in almost every aspect of daily life. This course will provide an overview of the fundamental principles of sound and the factors that determine our audio perception. It will also explore techniques of recording, mixing, processing, synthesis, sampling, analysis, and editing of digital audio.	Sound has always been a significant part of human experience. It shapes and transforms our everyday world.&nbsp; Sounds and music are embedded in almost every aspect of daily life, from communication and artistic expression to commerce, politics, and our social and cultural identities.  This course will provide an overview of the fundamental principles of sound and the factors that determine our audio perception. It will explore techniques of recording, mixing, processing, synthesis, sampling, analysis, and editing of digital audio using freely distributed audio production software for both PC and Mac. Students will also learn an array of sound design and editing techniques for use in film and web-based media, art installations, soundscape creations, or live and internet music performances.
The Language of Hollywood: Storytelling, Sound, and Color	This Film History course explores how fundamental changes in film technology affected popular Hollywood storytelling. We will consider the transition to sound, and the introduction of color.	This history course explores how fundamental changes in film technology affected popular Hollywood storytelling. We will consider the transition to sound, and the introduction of color. Each change in technology brought new opportunities and challenges, but the filmmaker's basic task remained the emotional engagement of the viewer through visual means. We will survey major directors and genres from the studio era and point forward to contemporary American cinema. Our aim is to illuminate popular cinema as the intersection of business, technology, and art. Through film history, we will learn about the craft of filmmaking and how tools shape art.
AIDS	This course will discuss HIV/AIDS in the US and around the world including its history, science, and culture as well as developments in behavioral and biomedical prevention, experimental AIDS vaccines, and clinical care issues. The course will also include a discussion of the populations that are particularly vulnerable to HIV/AIDS and a look at future challenges facing people infected and affected by the AIDS pandemic.	                                                   Did you grow up in a world without red ribbons, AZT, the AIDS Memorial Quilt, or Project Red? If you did, chances are good that you came of age before 1981 and are a member of the last generation of humans on this planet to be able to say that you remember those ‘carefree days when all you had to worry about was getting pregnant, herpes, and a bad reputation’ (AID Atlanta).  On June 5, 1981 the CDC released a Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report describing the first five cases of what later became known as the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, or AIDS. On that day human history broke into two generations: Those who can remember a time before&nbsp;the AIDS pandemic and those who can't.  No matter what generation you grew up in, what we all have in common is a curiosity about AIDS.&nbsp; Where did it come from? Why is it so widespread?&nbsp;&nbsp;Are we making progress towards a vaccine? What is it like to be part of a vaccine trial? Has anyone ever been cured of HIV infection?&nbsp;Are some people just naturally more or less&nbsp;susceptible to HIV than other people are?  All of this and more will be covered in AIDS. Over the course of nine weeks we will discuss a wide range of issues, innovations, and controversies regarding HIV/AIDS in the US and around the world including everything from what circumcision and Truvada have in common; how school children in Africa are changing the way AIDS education is done; where you can go online to learn how many cases of AIDS there are in your area; and how one man’s insistence that AIDS doesn't exist&nbsp;left hundreds of thousands of people&nbsp;without access to life saving drugs.      
Science from Superheroes to Global Warming	Explore how science works and what constitutes "good" science through case studies drawn from a wide spectrum of people's experience, for example superheros, movies, and real world issues such as global warming. 	Have you ever wondered if Superman could really fly? What was  Spiderman's spidey sense? How did Wonder Woman's invisible jet work?  What does it really mean for something to be a scientific "fact"?  Explore how science works and what constitutes "good" science through  case studies drawn from a wide spectrum of people's experience, for  example superheros, movies, and real world issues such as global  warming. The case studies will provide the chance to act as science  critics as the students develop a better appreciation for science and  the scientific method.This course won the 2011 "Best OCW User Experience" Award from Education Portal and was featured in the New York Times. 
The Fiction of Relationship	What is the nature of our relationship to others and the world?  How can literature help us see these relationships more clearly? This course seeks to explore such questions through adventurous readings of ten great works of narrative fiction from the 18th to the 20th century.	As individuals we are defined by relationships, by our connection to people, places, and things. Such connectedness can be not only emotional and erotic but also political, environmental, and even textual, enacted through writing. In this course we explore the nature and meaning of such connections in ten&nbsp;major works of narrative fiction from the 18th century to the present. These include: Manon Lescaut by Abbé Prévost; two works by Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener and Benito Cereno; Charlotte Brontë’s Jane Eyre and two stories by Franz Kafka, “Metamorphosis” and “The Country Doctor”; Virginia Woolf’s To the Lighthouse and William Faulkner’s Light in August;&nbsp; an anthology of stories, Ficciones, by Jorge Luis Borges and The Ice Palace by Tarjei Vesaas; Tony Morrison’s Beloved and Disgrace by J.M. Coetzee.                 As this course will demonstrate, the most critical relationships in our lives—the comings and goings that define us—are not always easy to get a fix on, but literature offers us a special sighting on these arrangements. Through exploratory readings of these narrative works, the course will seek to make relationship visible, bringing our traffic with the world and with others into clearer focus.
Archaeology's Dirty Little Secrets	Admit it — you wanted to be an archaeologist when you grew up...  This course builds on that enthusiasm, while radically expanding your notions about just what archaeology is and just what archaeologists do. 	                                  In this class, we will ask and answer a series of questions about the role and practice of archaeology in the world today. If archaeologists are trained to investigate the past, what is left for us to study?&nbsp; Who gets to be an archaeologist?&nbsp; How and why do archaeologists hunt for “treasures”, and what do we do once we’ve discovered them?&nbsp; What can we know, and not know, about people in the past? &nbsp;What do archaeologists know about the past that most people would never guess – and why aren’t we telling you?&nbsp; Why are people entirely willing to murder each other over the fate of archaeological sites? &nbsp;Are Real Men alone capable of discovering the truth behind all this?  Archaeology famously involves getting dirty in the line of duty.&nbsp; Students will experience its hands-on nature, through the use of numerous exercises and archaeological case studies.&nbsp; But there are other ‘dirty little secrets’ to learn about the field: not least how the stories archaeologists tell about the past have been used and abused, for purposes both good and bad.&nbsp; Our goal by the end of the course is to have you ‘thinking like an archaeologist’ and fully aware of the often-fraught politics of doing archaeology around the globe.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;  
Useful Genetics	This course will give you a thorough understanding of gene function and inheritance, and will enable you to apply this understanding to real-world issues, both personal and societal.	          Image source: XKCD   Who might want to take this course?      People affected by or concerned about a genetic disease (either directly         or in a family member)     People interested in the genetic diversity of humans or other species     People who have had (or are considering having) their genes or genomes         analyzed by companies such as 23andMe or DecodeMe     People concerned about the public use of personal genetic information     People interested in breeding animals or plants, or in in conservation         of endangered species     People interested in genealogy and ancestry analysis     Science teachers     Anyone interested in genetics but unable to enroll in university at this         time 
Algebra	This course is taught so that students will acquire a solid foundation in algebra. The course concentrates on the various functions that are important to the study of calculus.	This course is taught so that students will acquire a solid foundation  in algebra. Emphasis is placed on understanding  the properties of linear, polynomial and rational functions, including  inequalities and complex numbers. Students will learn to work with  various types of functions in symbolic, graphical, numerical and verbal  form.
Neural Networks for Machine Learning	Learn about artificial neural networks and how they're being used for machine learning, as applied to speech and object recognition, image segmentation, modeling language and human motion, etc. We'll emphasize both the basic algorithms and the practical tricks needed to get them to work well.	Neural networks use learning algorithms that are inspired by our understanding of how the brain learns, but they are evaluated by how well they work for practical applications such as speech recognition, object recognition, image retrieval and the ability to recommend products that a user will like. As computers become more powerful, Neural Networks are gradually taking over from simpler Machine Learning methods. They are already at the heart of a new generation of speech recognition devices and they are beginning to outperform earlier systems for recognizing objects in images. The course will explain the new learning procedures that are responsible for these advances, including effective new proceduresr for learning multiple layers of non-linear features, and give you the skills and understanding required to apply these procedures in many other domains.  This YouTube video gives examples of the kind of material that will be in the course, but the course will present this material at a much gentler rate and with more examples.
Community Change in Public Health	This course examines the community context of the changes needed to promote the public’s health.	In bringing about behavior change in public health, we often focus on     the individual mother, student, or farmer. We should not forget the community     structure and norms constrain for encouraging individual health behaviors.     This course examines the community context of the changes needed to promote     the public’s health. We begin by examining the various definitions of ‘community’     and the processes by which we ‘diagnose’ or seek to understand the structure     and characteristics of different types of communities. An appreciation     of community similarities and differences is necessary lest we fall into     the trap of designing one-size-fits-all interventions. We need to recognize     that no matter that outsiders may view a community as poor or neglected,     we can find strengths and capacities for improvement in each community.     Identifying community capacities and resources is the first step in facilitating     community change. Different practical and philosophical approaches to change     and therefore, examined. Specific to the change process is our recognition     of the need for communities to participate in the design, implementation     and evaluation of any intervention. We examine the concept of participation     in an effort to see how different levels of involvement may affect sustainability     of community change efforts. Finally a case study of a community participatory     approach to onchocerciasis control in Africa is presented. Community Directed     Intervention has subsequently been successfully applied to providing other     essential primary health care services by and in the community, such as     insecticide treated bednets, malaria treatment, vitamin A distribution,     deworming medicines, and pneumonia and diarrhea case management.           
An Introduction to the U.S. Food System: Perspectives from Public Health	Explore how food intersects with public health and the environment as it moves from field to plate.	A food system encompasses the activities, people and resources involved in getting food from field to plate. Along the way, it intersects with aspects of public health, equity and the environment. &nbsp;In this course, we will provide a brief introduction to the U.S. food system and how food production practices and what we choose to eat impacts the world in which we live. Through several case studies, we will discuss some key historical and political factors that have helped shape the current food system and consider alternative approaches from farm to fork. The course will be led by a team of faculty and staff from the Johns Hopkins Center for a Livable Future. &nbsp;Guest lecturers will include experts from a variety of disciplines, including public health and agriculture.
Health for All Through Primary Health Care	This course explores why primary health care is central for achieving Health for All. It provides examples of how primary health care has been instrumental in approaching this goal in selected populations and how the principles of primary health care can guide future policies and actions.	Two of the most inspiring, least understood, and most often derided terms in global health discourse are “Health for All” and “Primary Health Care.” In this course, we will explore these terms in the context of global health, their origins and meanings, the principles upon which they rest, and examples of how these principles have been implemented both at small scale as well as at large scale. We will also explore some ultra-low-cost approaches to Health for All through primary health care and the promise that primary health care holds for eventually achieving Health for All.  The course consists of six one-hour lectures with readings and opportunities for discussions among those taking the course and interactions with the professor.
Aboriginal Worldviews and Education	This course will explore indigenous ways of knowing and how this knowledge can inform education to the benefit of all students.	Intended for both Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal learners, this course will explore indigenous ways of knowing and how they can benefit all students. Topics include historical, social, and political issues in Aboriginal education; terminology; cultural, spiritual and philosophical themes in Aboriginal worldviews; and how Aboriginal worldviews can inform professional programs and practices, including but not limited to the field of education.&nbsp;
Engaging Students through Cooperative Learning	Founded in more than 25 years of research, this course will engage students in various forms of cooperative learning including STAD (Student-Teams Achievement-Divisions) which continues to empower students to work together to improve their understanding of mathematics concepts through a collaborative learning approach.	Some of the most powerful and widely applicable research-proven instructional practices are those of cooperative learning, which are highly effective in engaging and motivating students. When implemented correctly, such practices have been proven to increase students’ achievement in a wide range of content areas at all grade levels. Cooperative learning models will be explored to understand the variables that differentiate group work from true cooperative learning, including individual accountability and group rewards. The effectiveness of student teams to support learning through peer motivation, peer assessment and reteaching will be examined in depth.  Course ObjectivesDefine the concept of cooperative learning and how it relates to today’s learner.Describe how cooperative learning works when there is individual accountability, equal opportunities for success and team recognition built into a task.Describe the four theoretical perspectives of cooperative learning.Consider the impact of cooperative learning on 21st century skills and meeting the cognitive demands of the Common Core State Standards.
Vaccine Trials: Methods and Best Practices	This course will explore the process of evaluating investigational vaccines in clinical trials including informed consent, recruitment, enrollment, safety evaluation, and quality data collection.	Vaccines are evaluated through a series of clearly defined controlled     studies to assess these investigational products for safety, immunogenicity     and efficacy before they are approved for licensure. &nbsp;All clinical     vaccine trials are bound by international ethical guidelines and, in the     case of US trials, Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations. &nbsp; Good Clinical Practice is defined by the International Conferences on     Harmonization (ICH) as: “A standard for the design, conduct, performance,     monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials     that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible     and accurate, and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial     subjects are protected.” &nbsp; That’s a tall order, so how is it done? &nbsp;Individuals who enroll as     subjects in these trials play an essential role in the development and     evaluation of new and improved candidate vaccines. &nbsp;They are average     citizens who volunteer to roll up their sleeves and, in the process, make     a tremendous difference in society. &nbsp;So why do they volunteer and     what safeguards do we put in place to protect their rights, safety and     well-being while in the trial? &nbsp;What are the responsibilities of the     investigators, sponsors and ethics committees who conduct and oversee these     trials?&nbsp; &nbsp; Along with our colleagues, we will introduce you to how GCP is applied     in clinical vaccine trials to ensure proper and ethical scientific conduct.     The course will use examples from real vaccine trials to demonstrate the     application of the FDA Code of Federal Regulations and ICH GCP Guidelines     to explore methods and best practices involved in implementing phase I     and II vaccine clinical trials. &nbsp;This short course offering through     Coursera is based on our work at the Center for Immunization Research and     an in-depth graduate course taught at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School     of Public Health. &nbsp; We hope it inspires you to work in this exciting field.
Machine Learning	Learn about the most effective machine learning techniques, and gain practice implementing them and getting them to work for yourself.	Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being     explicitly programmed. In the past decade, machine learning has given us     self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search,     and a vastly improved understanding of the human genome. Machine learning     is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times a day without     knowing it. Many researchers also think it is the best way to make progress     towards human-level AI. In this class, you will learn about the most effective     machine learning techniques, and gain practice implementing them and getting     them to work for yourself. More importantly, you'll learn about not only     the theoretical underpinnings of learning, but also gain the practical     know-how needed to quickly and powerfully apply these techniques to new     problems. Finally, you'll learn about some of Silicon Valley's best practices     in innovation as it pertains to machine learning and AI. This course provides a broad introduction to machine learning, datamining,     and statistical pattern recognition. Topics include: (i) Supervised learning     (parametric/non-parametric algorithms, support vector machines, kernels,     neural networks). (ii) Unsupervised learning (clustering, dimensionality     reduction, recommender systems, deep learning). (iii) Best practices in     machine learning (bias/variance theory; innovation process in machine learning     and AI). The course will also draw from numerous case studies and applications,     so that you'll also learn how to apply learning algorithms to building     smart robots (perception, control), text understanding (web search, anti-spam),     computer vision, medical informatics, audio, database mining, and other     areas.
First Year Teaching (Secondary Grades) - Success from the Start	Success with your students starts on Day 1. Learn from NTC's 25 years developing key skills and strategies to create positive, productive classroom environments where students thrive.  Build relationships with Secondary Grade (6-12) students, establish and maintain behavioral expectations, implement classroom procedures and routines, and use instructional time effectively.	Developing mastery in establishing and maintaining a rich learning  environment is one of the great joys of being a teacher. This course  will provide high leverage strategies, resources, and support for  professional growth so that you can provide students with the engaging,  safe environment essential for student learning. This course is aligned  to the needs of Secondary Grade teachers (6-12 grade, usually teaching multiple sections of the same content area, like math, fine arts, science, etc. to students 12 years and older).This course will teach you how to implement research-based strategies in the following areas: Setting and communicating high expectations for students; Building positive relationships with and between students; Organizing the learning environment; Behavioral preventions and interventions; and Establishing and maintaining routines and procedures that support student learning. Stellar  classrooms don’t just happen—they’re created with the kind of  intentional planning and preparation this course offers so that you and  your students can be successful from the start!
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of algorithm design: divide-and-conquer methods, graph algorithms, practical data structures (heaps, hash tables, search trees), randomized algorithms, and more.	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of algorithm design. You'll learn the divide-and-conquer design paradigm, with applications to fast sorting, searching, and multiplication. You'll learn several blazingly fast primitives for computing on graphs, such as how to compute connectivity information and shortest paths. Finally, we'll study how allowing the computer to "flip coins" can lead to elegant and practical algorithms and data structures. Learn the answers to questions such as: How do data structures like heaps, hash tables, bloom filters, and balanced search trees actually work, anyway? How come QuickSort runs so fast? What can graph algorithms tell us about the structure of the Web and social networks? Did my 3rd-grade teacher explain only a suboptimal algorithm for multiplying two numbers?
Digital Signal Processing	Learn the fundamentals of digital signal processing theory and discover the myriad ways DSP makes everyday life more productive and fun.	The goal of the course is to develop a complete working set of digital signal processing notions from the ground up. DSP is arguably at the heart of the “digital revolution” that, in the space of just a few decades, has enabled unprecedented levels of interpersonal communication and of information availability.  In the class, starting from the basic definitions of a discrete-time signal, we will work our way through Fourier analysis, filter design, sampling, interpolation and quantization to build a DSP toolset complete enough to analyze a practical communication system in detail. Hands-on examples and demonstration will be routinely used to close the gap between theory and practice.
The Hardware/Software Interface	Examines key computational abstraction levels below modern high-level languages. From Java/C to assembly programming, to basic processor and system organization.	This course examines key computational abstraction levels below modern high-level languages; number representation, assembly language, introduction to C, memory management, the operating-system process model, high-level machine architecture including the memory hierarchy, and how high-level languages are implemented. We will develop students’ sense of “what really happens” when software runs — and that this question can be answered at several levels of abstraction, including the hardware architecture level, the assembly level, the C programming level and the Java programming level. The core around which the course is built is C, assembly, and low-level data representation, but this is connected to higher levels (roughly how basic Java could be implemented), lower levels (the general structure of a processor and the memory hierarchy), and the role of the operating system (but not how the operating system is implemented).
A Beginner's Guide to Irrational Behavior	In this course we will learn about some of the many ways in which people behave in less than rational ways, and how we might overcome these problems.	Behavioral economics and the closely related field of behavioral finance couple scientific research on the psychology of decision making with economic theory to better understand what motivates investors, employees, and consumers. This course will be based heavily on my own research. We will examine topics such as how emotion rather than cognition determines economic decisions, “irrational” patterns of thinking about money and investments, how expectations shape perceptions, economic and psychological analyses of dishonesty by presumably honest people, and how social and financial incentives combine to motivate labor by everyday workers and CEOs alike. This highly interdisciplinary course will be relevant to all human beings. This class has two main goals: To introduce you to the range of cases where people (consumers, investors, managers, and significant others) make decisions that are inconsistent with standard economic theory and the assumptions of rational decision making. This is the lens of behavioral economics. To help you think creatively about the applications of behavioral economic principles for the development of new products, technology based products, public policies, and to understand how business and social policy strategies could be modified with a deeper understanding of the effects these principles have on employees and customers. 
Introduction to Mathematical Thinking	Learn how to think the way mathematicians do - a powerful cognitive process developed over thousands of years.	NOTE: For the Spring 2013 session, the course website will go live at 10:00 AM US-PST on Saturday March 2, two days before the course begins,&nbsp;so you have time to familiarize yourself with the website structure, watch some short introductory videos,&nbsp;and look at some preliminary material.The goal of the course is to help you develop a valuable mental ability – a powerful way of thinking that our ancestors have developed over three thousand years. &nbsp; Mathematical thinking is not the same as doing mathematics – at least not as mathematics is typically presented in our school system. School math typically focuses on learning procedures to solve highly stereotyped problems. Professional mathematicians think a certain way to solve real problems, problems that can arise from the everyday world, or from science, or from within mathematics itself. The key to success in school math is to learn to think inside-the-box. In contrast, a key feature of mathematical thinking is thinking outside-the-box – a valuable ability in today’s world. This course helps to develop that crucial way of thinking. &nbsp; The primary audience is first-year students at college or university who are thinking of majoring in mathematics or a mathematically-dependent subject, or high school seniors who have such a college career in mind. They will need mathematical thinking to succeed in their major. Because mathematical thinking is a valuable life skill, however, anyone over the age of 17 could benefit from taking the course.&nbsp;
An Introduction to Operations Management	This course will teach you how to analyze and improve business processes, be it in services or in manufacturing. You will learn how to improve productivity, how to provide more choice to customers, how to reduce response times, and how to improve quality.	Remember the last time you went to a restaurant. What did you expect from that restaurant? You wanted to find something on the menu that you liked, you wanted the meal to be prepared according to high quality standards, you wanted to get it quickly and didn’t want to pay too much money for it. Now, remember the last time you went to a doctor’s office or a hospital. What did you want the doctors and nurses to do? You wanted them to provide the right care for you, you wanted the care delivered with great quality, you wanted to get the care quickly, and you (or your insurance) didn’t want to &nbsp;too pay too much for it.  Put differently, the management skills that you need to run the operations of a restaurant are the same that you need to run a hospital. And these are the skills you will learn in this course. Specifically, you will learn how to improve productivity, increase responsiveness, provide more choice to the customer, and deliver higher quality standards. In short, you will learn how to analyze business processes and how to improve them. Along the way, you will learn about topics such as Lean Operations, Six Sigma, and the Toyota production system, you will hear about bottlenecks, flows rates, and inventory levels. And, much, much more.
Design: Creation of Artifacts in Society	Combine fundamental concepts with hands-on design challenges to become a better designer. 	This is a course aimed at making you a better designer. The course marries theory and practice, as both are valuable in improving design performance. Lectures and readings will lay out the fundamental concepts that underpin design as a human activity. Weekly design challenges test your ability to apply those ideas to solve real problems. The course is deliberately broad - spanning all domains of design, including architecture, graphics, services, apparel, engineered goods, and products. The emphasis of the course is the basic design process: define, explore, select, and refine. You, the student, bring to the course your particular interests and expertise related to, for instance, engineering, furniture, fashion, architecture, or products. In prior sessions of the course about half of the participants were novices and about half had prior professional design expertise. Both groups seem to benefit substantially from the course. All project work is evaluated by your peers -- and indeed, you will also be a peer reviewer. This format allows you to see an interesting collection of projects while getting useful feedback on your own project.   Student Testimonials from the First Session of the Course:      "An amazing course - a joy to take. I will really miss checking in every     week to see the latest. I learned a great deal, from the videos, [the course staff] and my fellow     students. I think getting the feedback from my peers was such a great way     to run the course. So many ideas, suggestions, thoughts and words of encouragement     that were so appreciated. I've been driving everyone I know talking about it all the time." &nbsp;--E. Wadsworth-Jones  "When I signed up for this course I didn't know what to expect; the experience was so good and rewarding. I just loved it every step of the way. The course was brilliant, challenging and fun! Our professor, Prof. Karl Ulrich, is an amazing teacher, I loved his down to Earth approach.  Participating in a tournament was also one of the course's highlights. The whole thing was a great, unforgettable experience. I wish to thank with all my heart Coursera and the University of Pennsylvania for the opportunity given to us." --D. Rosi  See examples of student projects: here  
Cryptography II	Learn about the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and protocols and how to apply this knowledge in real-world applications.	Cryptography is an indispensable tool for protecting information in computer systems. &nbsp;This course is a continuation of Crypto I and explains the inner workings of public-key systems and cryptographic protocols. &nbsp; Students will learn how to reason about the security of cryptographic constructions and how to apply this knowledge to real-world applications. The course begins with constructions for digital signatures and their applications. &nbsp; We will then discuss protocols for user authentication and zero-knowledge protocols. &nbsp; &nbsp;Next we will turn to privacy applications of cryptography supporting anonymous credentials and private database lookup. &nbsp;We will conclude with more advanced topics including multi-party computation and elliptic curve cryptography. &nbsp;Throughout the course students will be exposed to many exciting open problems in the field. &nbsp; The course will include written homeworks and optional programming labs. &nbsp;The material is self-contained, but the course assumes knowledge of the topics covered in Crypto I as well as a basic understanding of discrete probability theory.
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of advanced algorithm design: greedy algorithms and applications; dynamic programming and applications; NP-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer; the design and analysis of heuristics; and more.	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of advanced algorithm design. You'll learn the greedy algorithm design paradigm, with applications to computing good network backbones (i.e., spanning trees) and good codes for data compression. You'll learn the tricky yet widely applicable dynamic programming algorithm design paradigm, with applications to routing in the Internet and sequencing genome fragments. &nbsp;You’ll learn what NP-completeness and the famous “P vs. NP” problem mean for the algorithm designer. &nbsp;Finally, we’ll study several strategies for dealing with hard (i.e., NP-complete problems), including the design and analysis of heuristics. &nbsp;Learn how shortest-path algorithms from the 1950s (i.e., pre-ARPANET!) govern the way that your Internet traffic gets routed today; why efficient algorithms are fundamental to modern genomics; and how to make a million bucks in prize money by “just” solving a math problem! 
Heterogeneous Parallel Programming	This course teaches the use of CUDA/OpenCL, OpenACC, and MPI for programming heterogeneous parallel computing systems. It is application oriented and only introduces necessary technological knowledge to solidify understanding.	All computing systems, from mobile to supercomputers, are becoming heterogeneous parallel&nbsp;computers using both multi-core CPUs and many-thread GPUs for higher power efficiency and&nbsp;computation throughput. While the computing community is racing to build tools and libraries to&nbsp;ease the use of these heterogeneous parallel computing systems, effective and confident use&nbsp;of these systems will always require knowledge about the low-level programming interfaces&nbsp;in these systems. This course is designed for students in all disciplines to learn the essence&nbsp;of these programming interfaces (CUDA/OpenCL, OpenMP, and MPI) and how they should&nbsp;orchestrate the use of these interfaces to achieve application goals. The course is unique in that it is application oriented and only introduces the necessary&nbsp;underlying computer science and computer engineering knowledge needed for understanding.&nbsp;It covers data parallel execution model, memory models for locality, parallel algorithm patterns,&nbsp;overlapping computation with communication, and scalable programming using joint MPI-CUDA&nbsp;in large scale computing clusters. It has been offered as a one-week intensive summer school&nbsp;for the past four years. In the past two years, there have been ten video-linked academic sides&nbsp;with a total of more than two hundred students each year.
International Organizations Management	This course provides an overview of the management challenges international organizations & NGOs are faced with. You will learn key theoretical frameworks and practical tools to excel in this environment. 	International and not-for-profit organizations present an increasingly complex environment to work in and therefore require for their successful management an unprecedented level of managerial skills on top of a deep understanding of the socioeconomic and political context they operate in. This course is designed to provide students with (1) basic notions of the practice of international relations (2) a general overview of the management challenges international and not-for-profit organizations are faced with as well as key theoretical frameworks and practical tools for managers to excel in this environment. Key areas of management will be reviewed, from strategy setting to implementation through marketing &amp; fund raising, and assessment. (3) Given the growing interaction between public and private sectors, this course also touches upon the management of public/private partnerships.  A panel of instructors, all visiting professors at the University of Geneva’s International Organizations MBA, will be invited to give you a general overview of international and not-for-profit organizations. Among them are: &nbsp;       Dr. Sebastian Buckup, Director and alumnus of the Global Leadership         Fellows Programme at the World Economic Forum in Geneva, Switzerland, with         previous experience at the ILO, UNDP and the private sector.     Julian Fleet has experience and training in both public health         and in law. He currently serves as Director of the Department of Human         Resources Management in the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS         (UNAIDS).                   Claudia Gonzales, Head of Marketing for the Global Fund to fight         AIDS, TB and malaria, with more than 18 years leading marketing, PR, branding,         social media and communications for international organizations like the         World Economic Forum and UNHCR.&nbsp;     Dr. Bruce Jenks served as Assistant Secretary General at UNDP until 2010 and in 2013 he was appointed by the Secretary General to be a member of the Council of the University for Peace. In his career, he served as Director of the Office of Strategic Planning (1997-99), as Director of the UN Office in Brussels (1995-97) Director of Budget and Chief of Staff (1990-95). Since 2010, Dr. Jenks has consulted with a number of Organizations. Dr. Jenks         is an adjunct professor at the Columbia University School of International         and Public Affairs, and lectures at the Geneva Graduate Institute of International         and Development Studies and at the University of Geneva.     Stephan Mergenthaler is Associate Director, Strategic Foresight at the World         Economic Forum in Geneva, as well as Non-resident Fellow with the Global         Public Policy Institute in Berlin (GPPi).     Dr. Lea Stadtler is Research Fellow at the University of Geneva,         DHEC, as well as Visiting Scholar at INSEAD and has previous work experience         in the private sector.                   Achim von Heynitz has over 30 years of international consulting         and management experience, including eight years as Director of the World         Bank’s department of Corporate Resource Management, and five years as Director         of the Front Office Planning and Budget department at the European Bank         for Reconstruction and Development. 
Introduction to Art: Concepts & Techniques	Learn to identify and define various art movements, artists, and their artworks. Convey a personal appreciation for art concepts, techniques, and approaches through the creation and sharing of your own original artwork.	Introduction to Art: Concepts &amp; Techniques is an art appreciation course created for individuals without any artistic background. This course introduces you to various art movements, cultural influences, artistic genres, artists, and their artwork. The main emphasis of the course is to teach you hands-on studio arts techniques as you conduct personal research and explore your own creativity. While utilizing historical and contemporary art concepts, the course guides you through different time periods. Examining and discussing artwork is a crucial part of this course, encouraging you to express your opinions about art in an intelligent and articulate manner. By the conclusion of the course, you will compile a portfolio of artworks reflective of your research, understanding, creativity, and personal growth.&nbsp;Subjects discussed: Fantastic Art, Mail Art, Black and White Portraiture Photography, Installation Art, and 3-D Art.&nbsp;Art Concepts explored: Line, Shape, Value, Texture, and Color.&nbsp;Art Mediums used: Graphite Pencils, Charcoal, Pastels, Ink, Watercolor, Acrylic Paint, Collage.
Children Acquiring Literacy Naturally	This course will survey fundamental principles of language acquisition and learning to read. We will explore the possibility of becoming literate without formal schooling and instruction. No prior background in behavioral science, neuroscience, or technology is required.	Have recent developments in behavioral science, neuroscience, and technology made it possible&nbsp;to achieve universal literacy with minimal cost? This course explores that important question.&nbsp;The lectures contemplate a revolutionary new age that challenges the survival of our educational institutions and society as we know them. Learn about current research and theory in language acquisition, reading pedagogy, and wearable computing to assess the possibility of an interactive system that would enable infants, toddlers, and preschool children to acquire literacy naturally.
Child Nutrition and Cooking	Learn the basics of child nutrition and how to make healthy meals for healthy children and families. 	Eating patterns that begin in childhood affect health and wellbeing across the lifespan. In the USA, we are in the midst of a childhood obesity epidemic that threatens to leave our children with a shorter life expectancy than their parents. As processed foods become more readily available around the world, other developed nations are beginning to follow suit. This course examines contemporary child nutrition in America from the individual decisions made by each family to the widespread food marketing targeting our children. &nbsp;The health risks associated with obesity in childhood are also discussed. Students will learn what constitutes a healthy diet for children and adults and how to prepare simple, delicious foods aimed at inspiring a lifelong celebration of easy home-cooked meals. This course will help prepare students to be the leading health providers, teachers and parents of the present and future.
Pensamiento Científico	Aprenderemos cómo podemos usar el pensamiento científico en la vida cotidiana para tomar mejores decisiones.	¿El pensamiento científico es sólo para científicos? Su utilidad va mucho     más allá, ayudando a las personas a tomar mejores decisiones todos los     días. El objetivo de este curso es fomentar en pensamiento científico en     los alumnos para ayudarles a tomar mejores decisiones profesionales, personales     y sociales.&nbsp;        Para lograr este objetivo, el curso destila conceptos de ciencias y filosofía     a un nivel accesible al público general, ilustrándolos con ejemplos actuales     de diversas áreas.
Desarrollo rápido de productos innovadores para mercados emergentes	Entender las metodologías para la innovación de productos para mercados emergentes.  Las metodologías son:  1) megatendencias sociales, tecnológicas y del comportamiento del consumidor 2) JTBD y 3) Matriz Morfológica.	El objetivo del curso es aprender el proceso para el Desarrollo Rápido de Productos Innovadores para mercados emergentes a través de la aplicación de 3 metodologías.&nbsp; Las metodologías que abordaremos en el curso son:   &nbsp;1) Megatendencias sociales, tecnologías y del comportamiento del consumidor:&nbsp;Las megatendencias sociales describen comportamientos de la sociedad y hábitos de consumo. Las megatendencias tecnológicas identifican el uso potencial de tecnologías para desarrollar productos. Finalmente, la megatendencias del comportamiento del consumidor describen características funcionales de productos que son deseables por el cliente.&nbsp;&nbsp;  2) Jobs To Be Done (JTBD):&nbsp;Jobs To Be Done (JTBD) es un conjunto de técnicas que permiten describir las actividades de los consumidores, sus hábitos en el uso de productos y la evaluación de cada actividad en términos de su carácter crítico en una matriz de necesidades y satisfactores.&nbsp; Esto permite identificar aquellas actividades en donde el desarrollo productos innovadores tiene más probabilidades de éxito.&nbsp;    3) Matriz Morfológica:&nbsp;La última metodología es la matriz morfológica que permite evaluar opciones de tecnologías para desarrollar los productos conceptualizados por las técnicas anteriores.&nbsp;    En este curso presentaremos desarrollos de productos innovadores que están siendo comercializados en mercados emergentes, así como, casos de estudio desarrollados por los profesores que ofrecen el curso sobre productos que no han sido exitosos.
Maps and the Geospatial Revolution	Learn how advances in geospatial technology and analytical methods have changed how we do everything, and discover how to make maps and analyze geographic patterns using the latest tools.	The past decade has seen an explosion of new mechanisms for understanding and using location information in widely-accessible technologies. This Geospatial Revolution has resulted in the development of consumer GPS tools, interactive web maps, and location-aware mobile devices. These radical advances are making it possible for people from all walks of life to use, collect, and understand spatial information like never before.&nbsp;This course brings together core concepts in cartography, geographic information systems, and spatial thinking with real-world examples to provide the fundamentals necessary to engage with Geography beyond the surface-level. We will explore what makes spatial information special, how spatial data is created, how spatial analysis is conducted, and how to design maps so that they’re effective at telling the stories we wish to share. To gain experience using this knowledge, we will work with the latest mapping and analysis software to explore geographic problems.&nbsp;
Creativity, Innovation, and Change	Explore your unique brand of creativity to gain deeper personal insight.  Learn and apply new techniques to make innovative contributions in your own world. Solve complex problems and drive change creatively.	This course empowers learners to develop their creative human potential     to improve, enhance, and transform &nbsp;their businesses, communities,     and personal lives. Processes like Intelligent Fast Failure will teach     you rapid prototyping skills, while the Adaption-Innovation creative style     spectrum will help you understand how and why your ideas are unique - and     how you can work better with others to solve complex problems. Personal reflection tools like CENTER add a character development dimension     to the course that is an important first step towards unlocking your creative     potential. Along the way, you will engage with a rich set of tools, exercises,     and metrics in order to understand these concepts and how they impact the     development of your creative life and career.Joining the team are Dr. Susan Russell, Associate Professor of Theater and Dr. John Bellanti, Psychologist. Susan will lend her unique artistic talents to video production and course projects. John is a life coach and will be guiding students from a behavioral change perspective during their creative journey in the course.Follow us on Twitter @PSUCIC Like our Facebook Page hereJoin our Google+ community hereConnect with the community on LinkedIn here&nbsp;   
Democratic Development	Gain an understanding of the political, social, cultural, economic, institutional and international factors that foster and obstruct the development and consolidation of democracy. It is hoped that students in developing or prospective democracies will use the theories, ideas, and lessons in the class to help build or improve democracy in their own countries.	Democratic Development&nbsp;is intended as a broad, introductory survey of the political, social, cultural, economic, institutional, and international factors that foster or obstruct the development, and consolidation, of democracy. Topics will be examined in historical and comparative perspective, and reference a&nbsp;variety of different national experiences. It is&nbsp;hoped that students in developing or prospective democracies will use the theories, ideas, and lessons in the class to help build or improve democracy in their own countries.  This course is primarily intended for individuals in college or beyond, with some academic background or preparation in political science or the social sciences. However, it seeks to be accessible and useful to a diverse international audience, including educators at the secondary and college levels, government officials, development professionals, civil society leaders, journalists, bloggers, activists, and individuals involved in a wide range of activities and professions related to the development and deepening of democracy. 
Initiation à la programmation (en C++)	Ce cours initie à la programmation en utilisant le langage C++. Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». 	Ce cours présente des concepts de base de la programmation tels que&nbsp;&nbsp; :  variables, expressions, structures de contrôle, fonctions/méthodes, ...en les illustrant dans la syntaxe du langage C++.Ces  notions simples seront pratiquées de façon intensive pour vous  faire réaliser de façon de plus en plus autonome&nbsp; les étapes allant de  la conception d'un programme (algorithme) à sa mise en oeuvre concrète.Ce cours est conçu pour être prolongé par les aspects orienté-objet, présentés dans le cours&nbsp; «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». 
Initiation à la programmation (en Java)	Ce cours initie à la programmation en utilisant le langage Java. Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)». 	Ce cours présente des concepts de base de la programmation tels que&nbsp;&nbsp; : variables, expressions, structures de contrôle, fonctions/méthodes, ...en les illustrant dans la syntaxe du langage Java.Ces notions simples seront pratiquées de façon intensive pour vous faire réaliser de façon de plus en plus autonome&nbsp; les étapes allant de la conception d'un programme (algorithme) à sa mise en oeuvre concrète.Ce cours de base&nbsp; est conçu pour être prolongé par les aspects orienté-objet, présentés dans le cours&nbsp; «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)». 
Survey of Music Technology	Learn to make music with digital audio workstation software, understand the theory and history behind music production tools, and write your own computer programs to make new music and sounds.	     How can we use computers to create expressive, compelling music? And how     can we write computer software to help us create and organize sounds in     new ways? This course provides a hands-on introduction to the field of     music technology as both a creative musical practice and an interdisciplinary     technical research pursuit. Through the exploration of topics such as acoustics,     psychoacoustics, digital sound, digital signal processing, audio synthesis,     spectral analysis, algorithmic composition, and music information retrieval,     we will explore the deep relationships between art and science, between     theory and practice, and between experimental and popular electronic music.We will learn about these topics in the context of digital audio workstation (DAW) software, the multi-track editing paradigm that has been dominant in music production since the 1980s. As we learn about the foundations behind such software, we will use this knowledge to more effectively create music with it, and we will also write a series of short software programs that extend the software’s ability to manipulate, transform, and analyze sound.
"Pay Attention!!" ADHD Through the Lifespan	This course reviews current scientific knowledge and clinical approaches to Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and examines its impact on development, functioning and health outcomes.	It is estimated that 5-8% of school-aged children and 4% of adults in the United States suffer from some form of attention deficit disorder and that the incidence of the disorder is increasing in the population. Although it is the most widely studied behavior disorder of childhood, its etiology remains unclear, its outcome is variable, and its treatment is complex and moderately successful. Advances in neuroscience have provided new insights into the pathophysiology of ADHD, pointing to key neural circuits involved in attention, behavioral control, learning, and reward maintenance that appear to be underperforming in patients with the disorder. Moreover, the etiology of this heterogeneous disorder points to the key role of genetic and&nbsp;environmental interactions during prenatal and perinatal periods. Over the past decade, new diagnostic and interventional approaches have enabled clinicians to better diagnose and treat ADHD across the lifespan, while longitudinal studies have elucidated the long-term impact of the disorder on health and adaptive functioning.This course is intended for students with a background in psychology and/or neuroscience who are interested in learning more about the complexities of ADHD from both scientific and clinical perspectives. Scientific topics covered include prevalence and epidemiology, diagnostic criteria, clinical presentation at different ages, impact on development (intellect, academic, speech and language, emotional self control, motivation and executive functioning), health outcomes (risk taking, accidents, injuries, driving difficulties, unintended pregnancy), co-existing conditions (anxiety, mood, substance use disorders), and etiology (genetic, pre/perinatal, neurodevelopmental, neuroanatomic, neuropsychological). Clinical topics covered include approaches to assessment, medication treatments (stimulant and non-stimulant), and non-medical interventions.
Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)	Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet en l'illustrant en langage C++. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours «Initiation à la programmation (en C++)».	Présentation et mise en pratique en C++ des concepts de base de la  programmation orientée objet&nbsp;: objets, classes, méthodes, encapsulation,  polymorphisme, ...Bien que nous vous garantissons les bases pour programmer de façon autonome dans  le langage C++, ce cours&nbsp; se concentre avant tout sur les concepts de  programmation, plutôt que sur les détails du langage lui-même.&nbsp; Ainsi, après avoir suivi ce cours, vous devriez également pouvoirfacilement aborder par vous-mêmes de nouveaux langages deprogrammation.Ce cours est conçu pour être prolongé par les aspects orienté-objet, présentés dans le cours&nbsp; «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». 
Metadata: Organizing and Discovering Information	Metadata is an unsung hero of the modern world, the plumbing that makes the information age possible. This course describes how Metadata is used as an information tool for the Web, for databases, and for the software and computing applications around us.	If you use nearly any digital technology, you make use of metadata. Use an ATM today? You interacted with metadata about your account. Searched for songs in iTunes or Spotify? You used metadata about those songs. We use and even create metadata constantly, but we rarely realize it. Metadata -- or data about data -- describes real and digital objects, so that those objects may be organized now and found later.  Metadata is a tool that enables the information age functions performed by humans as well as those performed by computers. Metadata is important to many fields, particularly Computer Science; but this course is not purely a Computer Science course. This course approaches Metadata from the perspective of Information Science, which is a broad interdisciplinary field that studies how people create and manage information. 
Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health	This course explores public health—both locally and globally—through the lens of epidemiology.	Often called “the cornerstone” of public health, epidemiology is the study of the distribution and determinants of health conditions or events among populations and the application of that study to control health problems. By applying the concepts learned in this course to current public health problems and issues, students will&nbsp; understand the practice of epidemiology as it relates to real life and makes for a better appreciation of public health programs and policies. This course explores &nbsp;public health issues like obesity and infectious diseases – both locally and globally –through the lens of epidemiology. 
Probabilistic Graphical Models	In this class, you will learn the basics of the PGM representation and how to construct them, using both human knowledge and machine learning techniques.	What are Probabilistic Graphical Models? Uncertainty is unavoidable in real-world applications: we can almost never predict with certainty what will happen in the future, and even in the present and the past, many important aspects of the world are not observed with certainty. Probability theory gives us the basic foundation to model our beliefs about the different possible states of the world, and to update these beliefs as new evidence is obtained. These beliefs can be combined with individual preferences to help guide our actions, and even in selecting which observations to make. While probability theory has existed since the 17th century, our ability to use it effectively on large problems involving many inter-related variables is fairly recent, and is due largely to the development of a framework known as Probabilistic Graphical Models (PGMs). This framework, which spans methods such as Bayesian networks and Markov random fields, uses ideas from discrete data structures in computer science to efficiently encode and manipulate probability distributions over high-dimensional spaces, often involving hundreds or even many thousands of variables. These methods have been used in an enormous range of application domains, which include: web search, medical and fault diagnosis, image understanding, reconstruction of biological networks, speech recognition, natural language processing, decoding of messages sent over a noisy communication channel, robot navigation, and many more. The PGM framework provides an essential tool for anyone who wants to learn how to reason coherently from limited and noisy observations. In this class, you will learn the basics of the PGM representation and how to construct them, using both human knowledge and machine learning techniques; you will also learn algorithms for using a PGM to reach conclusions about the world from limited and noisy evidence, and for making good decisions under uncertainty. The class covers both the theoretical underpinnings of the PGM framework and practical skills needed to apply these techniques to new problems.
The Beauty of Kunqu Opera | 崑曲之美	本課程以崑曲的歷史文化背景、音樂、表演、文學、美學為核心主題，透過解說、欣賞、分析、討論，加深學生對中國傳統文化、古典文學與表演藝術之鑑賞能力。 課程所選崑劇經典如《牡丹亭》和《長生殿》，學生除研讀其劇本選齣，並將在老師的導引下，觀賞、領會崑曲載歌載舞、寫意抒情的特點。	本課程以崑曲的歷史文化背景、音樂、表演、文學、美學為核心主題，透過解說、欣賞、分析、討論，加深學生對中國傳統文化、古典文學與表演藝術之鑑賞能力。課程所選崑劇經典如《牡丹亭》和《長生殿》，學生除研讀其劇本選齣，並將在老師的導引下，觀賞、領會崑曲載歌載舞、寫意抒情的特點。學生透過本科的學習，可以 :(1) 增進對中國歷史及其文化瑰寶「崑曲」的認識(2) 加深對中國古典文學、美學與表演藝術之鑑賞能力(3) 加深對中國人文精神的感知(4) 增加學生文化素養，對個人及社會的感悟
Classics of Chinese Humanities: Guided Readings | 中國人文經典: 大師導讀	課程擬定四個不同特色之主題，在每個主題下，各選取若干經典文章為範文，讓學生透 過欣賞，理解及分析，提升文學鑑賞能力，亦從而增加學生文化素養，奠定堅實的語文基礎。 所選經典文本除突顯個別主題內容外，亦能相互配合，發揮互相帶動之作用。	李歐梵說： 「“人文”這個字，最早出現在中國的《易經》，“觀乎天文以察時變，觀乎人文以化成天下。” 這個人文是指整個人間的各種事物，用詩、書、禮、樂這些東西來教化天下。大學傳統，唸的都是經典……，他們注重的就是讀書、寫作，而不是考試填鴨，我想這……應該是有啟發的……作為一個老師，我們不能夠把我們以前的一套想法都認為是理所當然的，全盤地灌輸給學生，相反，我們應該要有反思，對歷史也好，對各種理論也好，都要有一種反思意識。」 節錄自 2006 年 10 月《人文與社會》 李歐梵：關於“人文精神”的訪談 課程擬定以下四個不同特色之主題，在每個主題下，各選取若干經典文章為範文，讓學生透過欣賞，理解及分析，提昇文學鑑賞能力，亦從而增加學生文化素養，奠定堅實的語文基礎。「英雄本色」- 選讀《史記．項羽本紀》「鴻門宴」、「霸王別姬」相關段落，探究儒家思想哲學涵意，並論其如何影響中國哲學思想之發展「政教道統」- 選讀韓愈《原道》，原道是唐朝古文大家韓愈的經典文章。此文第一次把儒家 聖賢之道立為道統，以反駁道家和佛家所宣揚 的道理，影響了後世各代的儒家知識分子。此文也是唐宋古文八大家的始創者的代表作，條理清晰，論證豐富，文氣波瀾起伏。我們將試圖用欣賞和批判的雙重角度來解讀。&nbsp;「江河歲月」- 選讀蘇東坡之經典篇章〈赤壁賦〉，並論古典文學與山水畫之關係&nbsp;「魂兮歸來」- 選讀魯迅之經典篇章〈阿 Q 正傳〉，並論魯迅於現代文學及文化研究之意義學生透過本科的學習，可以 :提升文學鑑賞能力加強語文基礎增加學生文化素養
Computational Molecular Evolution	In this course you will learn about how and why DNA and protein sequences evolve. You will learn the theory behind methods for building and analyzing phylogenetic trees, and get hands-on experience with some widely used software packages. 	This course is about molecular evolution - the evolution of DNA, RNA, and protein molecules. The focus is on computational methods for inferring phylogenetic trees from sequence data, and the course will cover the fundamental theory and algorithms, while also giving the student hands-on experience with some widely used software tools. Since evolutionary theory is the conceptual foundation of biology (in the words of Theodosius Dobzhansky: "Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution"), what you learn on this course will be relevant for any project you will ever do inside the life sciences. A phylogenetic tree will almost always help you think more clearly about your biological problem.&nbsp;A special emphasis is put on methods that employ explicit models of the evolutionary process (maximum likelihood and Bayesian approaches), and we will explore the role of statistical modeling in molecular evolution, and in science more generally. A mathematical (statistical) model of a biological system can be considered to be a stringently phrased hypothesis about that system, and this way of thinking about models will often be helpful. In addition to model-based methods, you will also learn about other approaches, such as those based on parsimony and genetic distance (e.g., neighbor joining).&nbsp;Often, the evolutionary tree is the result we are interested in - knowing how a set of sequences (or organisms) are related can provide us with important information about the biological problem we are &nbsp;investigating. For instance, knowing which organisms are most closely related to a newly identified, uncharacterized, pathogenic bacterium will allow you to infer many aspects of its lifestyle, thereby giving you important clues about how to fight it. In other cases, however, inferring the structure of the tree is not the goal: for instance, our main focus may instead be the detection of positions in a protein undergoing positive selection (indicating adaptation) or negative selection (indicating conserved functional importance). However, even in these cases, the underlying phylogenetic tree will be an important part of our hypothesis about (model of) how the proteins have been evolving, and will help in getting the correct answer.&nbsp;Although the study of molecular evolution does require a certain level of mathematical understanding, this course has been designed to be accessible also for students with limited computational background (e.g., students of biology).Topics covered:Brief introduction to evolutionary theory and population genetics.Mechanisms of molecular evolution.Models of DNA and protein substitution.Reconstruction of phylogenetic trees using parsimony, distance based methods, maximum likelihood, and Bayesian techniques.Advanced models of nucleotide substitution (gamma-distributed mutation rates, molecular clock models, codon models and analysis of selective pressure).Statistical analysis of biological hypotheses (likelihood ratio tests, Bayesian statistics).
Social Epidemiology	Social epidemiology is about how a society makes people sick and/or healthy. We address not only the identification of new disease risk factors (e.g., deficient social capital) but also how well-known exposures (e.g., cigarette smoking, lead paint, health insurance) emerge and are maintained by the social system.	This course is about understanding the determinants of health from a broad perspective. We focus on how social relationships and institutions -- such as familial relationships, national policies, and global economic forces -- promote or undermine the health of populations. The course covers existing evidence of health disparities, research methods, and theories relevant to the topic.  The course is interesting because it reveals the so-called fundamental causes of disease and health disparities recognizable within social groups. For example, we examine why a flu germ can affect whole groups of people differently. In short, the course challenges the notion that health is a narrowly defined medical problem.  Students in the course will listen to lectures, read provided materials, and complete quizzes and tests that examine comprehension and one's ability to synthesize ideas.  Upon completion of the course students should:       have a deep appreciation for how social arrangements impact the health         of populations,     be able to critically evaluate the scientific and popular health literature         that address the causes of disease,     be able to measure key social drivers such as race and socioeconomic status,         and&nbsp;     be able to conceive of research strategies that can answer questions critical         for policy making. 
Statistical Molecular Thermodynamics	This introductory physical chemistry course examines the connections between molecular properties and the behavior of macroscopic chemical systems.	Statistical Molecular Thermodynamics is a course in physical chemistry that relates the microscopic properties of molecules to the macroscopic behavior of chemical systems. Quantized molecular energy levels and their use in the construction of molecular and ensemble partition functions is described. Thermodynamic state functions, their dependence on the partition function, and their relationships with one another (as dictated by the three Laws of Thermodynamics) are all examined in detail. Analysis and demonstration takes place primarily in the context of ideal and real gases. This eight-week course covers slightly more than half of a typical semester-long course in chemical thermodynamics. Typical topics to be addressed subsequently would be phase equilibria, liquids, solutions of non-electrolytes and electrolytes, and chemical reaction equilibria. Students  who successfully complete the course will be able to predict how  changes in molecular properties will influence the macroscopic behavior  of those substances; they will understand the relationships between  energy, heat, and work, and be able to predict how much work can be  extracted from a given chemical process under various sets of  conditions; they will understand the role of entropy in physical and  chemical processes; and they will be able to engineer conditions to make  chemical reactions spontaneously favorable (or not). Students will also  become adept with differential calculus as a tool to derive and  manipulate relationships between connected thermodynamic variables and  state functions. 
Interprofessional Healthcare Informatics	This course examines the implications of informatics for practice, in nursing, public health, and healthcare in general. It covers electronic health record issues and relates ethical, legislative and political issues to health informatics. Students will also explore global and future informatics issues.	Interprofessional health care informatics is a graduate-level, hands-on interactive exploration of real informatics tools and techniques. We will be incorporating &nbsp;technology-enabled educational innovations to bring the subject matter to life. Over the 10 weeks that we study together, we will create a vital online learning community and a working healthcare informatics network. We will explore perspectives of clinicians like dentists, physical therapists, nurses, and physicians in all sorts of practice settings worldwide. Emerging technologies, telehealth, gaming, simulations, and eScience are just some of the topics that we will consider. Throughout the course, we’ll focus on creativity, controversy, and collaboration - as we collectively imagine and create the future within the rapidly evolving healthcare informatics milieu. All healthcare professionals and IT geeks are welcome! 
Sustainability of Food Systems: A Global Life Cycle Perspective	This course explores the diversity of the foods we eat, the ways in which we grow, process, distribute, and prepare them, and the impacts they have upon our environment, health, and society. We will also examine the challenges and opportunities of creating a more sustainable global food system in the future.	Hamburger or hummus? Organic or conventional? Mediterranean&nbsp;diet or&nbsp;McDonald's? What dietary choices are truly the most sustainable when&nbsp;we consider that what we eat affects not just our health but also the&nbsp;environment and the well-being of others?This course will provide you with an overview of our world’s&nbsp;food system&nbsp;and its many impacts from the individual to the global scale. You&nbsp;will&nbsp;gain further appreciation of the complex implications of&nbsp;choices that are made&nbsp;along the food&nbsp;supply chain. You&nbsp;will be challenged to think critically about how the&nbsp;global food system may&nbsp;need to change to adapt to future economic&nbsp;and environmental conditions.Our world’s population is projected to grow both in numbers and in wealth in the coming decades. Meeting future food demand, and doing so in a sustainable fashion, will require that we greatly increase the amount&nbsp;we produce and improve the efficiency by which it makes it to our tables.&nbsp;Join us as we explore today’s global food system and how we might improve its sustainability for our benefit and that of future generations.
Introduction to Thermodynamics: Transferring Energy from Here to There	In this course, you will learn how to characterize the energy state of a system and the mechanisms for transferring energy from one system to another.  These are the tools necessary to understand stationary and transportation power systems from small scale, like batteries, to large scale, like nuclear power plants.	This course will provide you with an introduction to the most powerful     engineering principles you will ever learn: thermodynamics! Or the science     of transferring energy from one place or form to another place or form.     &nbsp;We will introduce the tools you need to analyze energy systems from     solar panels, to engines, to insulated coffee mugs.        More specifically, we will cover the topics of mass and energy conservation     principles; first law analysis of control mass and control volume systems;     properties and behavior of pure substances; and applications to thermodynamic     systems operating at steady state conditions.&nbsp;       
Calvin - Histoire et Réception d'une Réforme	Ce cours introduit à la vie et à la pensée du réformateur Jean Calvin (1509-1564) ainsi qu’à son influence sur le monde moderne et contemporain. La démarche proposée se veut critique, il ne s’agit ni de canoniser ni de condamner Calvin ou sa pensée, mais de les comprendre avec toute la distance requise et d’en analyser les enjeux. (Course in French with English subtitles).	Qui était Jean Calvin&nbsp;? Pourquoi ses idées ont-elles exercé une telle influence au 16e siècle et dans les siècles suivants&nbsp;? Ce cours cherchera à répondre à ces deux questions. Il mettra en évidence l’humanisme de Calvin, sa compréhension de la pensée biblique, son acuité théologique, son sens aigu des problèmes sociaux et politiques. Nous aurons aussi l’occasion d’évoquer l’apport de Calvin à la culture (notamment à la langue française, qui lui doit considérablement) et à la conception de l’humain devant Dieu et dans la société. Nous verrons également comment Calvin fit de Genève la capitale d’une idée et d’un idéal de vie chrétienne, en pensant le rapport au travail et à l’argent ou en créant des institutions comme la Compagnie des pasteurs, le Consistoire et l’Académie. Ce cours mettra également en évidence la place que Calvin occupe dans l’histoire de la tolérance, ou plutôt de l’intolérance, religieuse&nbsp;: l’affaire Servet (du nom de ce savant espagnol condamné à mort à Genève pour hérésie) fera ainsi l’objet d’une analyse spécifique. Nous tenterons également de montrer les apports de la théologie de Calvin (notamment la compréhension renouvelée d’un Dieu en qui l’humain peut faire confiance) et ses limites (par exemple la doctrine dite de la prédestination). Ce cours d’introduction fera également une place à l’histoire du calvinisme en Europe (France, Allemagne, Provinces-Unies, Angleterre) et dans le monde (Amérique, Afrique du Sud, Asie). Le cours est donné en français avec sous-titres en anglais.---Who was John Calvin? Why were his ideas so influential in the 16th century and well beyond his time? This course seeks to answer these two questions. We will present his humanistic leanings, his interpretation of the Bible, his theological vision, his acute sense of social and political questions. We will consider his contribution to culture, how he contributed to shaping French language, his understanding of the human before God and in society. The course will address how Calvin sought to transform the city of Geneva into an idea and an ideal of Christian life, by thinking the meaning of work and money, but also by creating educational and ecclesiastical institutions (the «&nbsp;Company of Pastors&nbsp;», the «&nbsp;Consistory&nbsp;» and the «&nbsp;Academy&nbsp;»). The course will locate Calvin within the history of religious toleration, or rather of religious intolerance. We will analyse the fate of Michel Servet, a learned Spanish man who was condemned for heresy and executed in Geneva in 1553. With regard to Calvin’s theology, we will show both his lasting contribution (especially his understanding of a God in whom one may trust) as well as the limitations of his thought (for instance his doctrine of predestination). Towards the end of this introductory course, we will turn our attention to the history of Calvinism in Europe (France, Germany, the United Provinces, England) and in various parts of the world (Americas, South Africa and Asia). Course in French with English subtitles.
An Introduction to Global Health	This course gives you an introduction to the most important challenges to human health facing the world today. Themes covered include global policies, health systems, changing disease patterns, IT and health, population dynamics, and health promotion.	Good health is intimately linked with personal happiness, productivity, the development of nations and the advancement of people. Increasingly, globalization processes influence the health of individuals, societies and the functions of health systems. This course explores major themes in global health, including: health and poverty, the primary categories of global illness, including communicable and non-communicable diseases, environmental health, child health, women’s health, and health among refugees and displaced populations. It focuses on the dual burden of communicable and non-communicable disease experienced by much of the world’s population and highlights the role of the health system and diverse global actors in responding to the health needs of people worldwide.&nbsp; As the deadline for meeting the Millennium Development Goals nears, course participants will also reflect on life after the MDGs by exploring the future of global health and trends in technical innovation in the fight for better health. Through lectures, readings, and assignments, course participants will be asked to think critically about the health of the world’s population and to reflect on overcoming the challenges of achieving good health around the world. 
Art and Inquiry: Museum Teaching Strategies For Your Classroom 	Explore how to integrate works of art into your classroom with inquiry-based teaching methods originally developed for in-gallery museum education.	Intended for teachers (Grades 4-12) from all disciplines, this course will introduce ways to integrate works of art into your classroom by using inquiry-based teaching methods commonly used in museum settings. This course is designed to give teachers the tools to create meaningful object-based learning activities that can be integrated into a wide variety of curricula. We'll explore strategies that emphasize literacy, critical thinking skills and that connect across disciplines. The strategies and content that you will learn in this course parallels the proficiencies outlined in the Common Core State Standards as they relate to literacy, speaking and listening, critical thinking, analyzing informational text, and citing evidence to support arguments.
Learn to Program: The Fundamentals	Behind every mouse click and touch-screen tap, there is a computer program that makes things happen. This course introduces the fundamental building blocks of programming and teaches you how to write fun and useful programs using the Python language.	A computer program is a set of instructions for a computer to follow, just as a recipe is a set of instructions for a chef. Laptops, kitchen appliances, MP3 players, and many other electronic devices all run computer programs. Programs have been written to manipulate sound and video, write poetry, run banking systems, predict the weather, and analyze athletic performance. This course is intended for people who have never seen a computer program. It will give you a better understanding of how computer applications work and teach you how to write your own applications. More importantly, you&rsquo;ll start to learn computational thinking, which is a fundamental approach to solving real-world problems. Computer programming languages share common fundamental concepts, and this course will introduce you to those concepts using the Python programming language. By the end of this course, you will be able to write your own programs to process data from the web and create interactive text-based games.
Data Analysis	Learn about the most effective data analysis methods to solve problems and achieve insight.	You have probably heard that this is the era of “Big Data”. Stories about     companies or scientists using data to recommend movies, discover who is     pregnant based on credit card receipts, or confirm the existence of the     Higgs Boson regularly appear in Forbes, the Economist, the Wall Street     Journal, and The New York Times. But how does one turn data into this type     of insight? The answer is data analysis and applied statistics. Data analysis     is the process of finding the right data to answer your question, understanding     the processes underlying the data, discovering the important patterns in     the data, and then communicating your results to have the biggest possible     impact. There is a critical shortage of people with these skills in the     workforce, which is why Hal Varian (Chief Economist at Google) says that     being a statistician will be the sexy job for the next 10 years.          This course is an applied statistics course focusing on data analysis.     The course will begin with an overview of how to organize, perform, and     write-up data analyses. Then we will cover some of the most popular and     widely used statistical methods like linear regression, principal components     analysis, cross-validation, and p-values. Instead of focusing on mathematical     details, the lectures will be designed to help you apply these techniques     to real data using the R statistical programming language, interpret the     results, and diagnose potential problems in your analysis. You will also     have the opportunity to critique and assist your fellow classmates with     their data analyses.
Principles of Obesity Economics	The resources available to individuals and society and the prices of goods in the market shape our choices - even about the food we eat and the weight at which we live. This course explores the economic motivation for consumer choice and the economic role of government in markets related to obesity.	Economics motivates consumer behavior based on preferences, relative prices, and time and money constraints. &nbsp;Economics motivates the role for government based on market failure. &nbsp;Obesity has been deemed a critical public health problem. &nbsp;This course explores how consumer choices lead to individuals being different weights and discusses whether there is an economic rationale for government intervention in the markets most closely related to food and activity choices.&nbsp;  Course Objectives        Define the concept of consumer sovereignty&nbsp;     Describe how consumers are thought to make choices based on a combination         of preferences, relatively prices, and time and money constraints&nbsp;     Describe economic motivations for government action in markets&nbsp;     Consider arguments regarding the appropriateness of a government role         in markets that are related to obesity in adults and children 
Computing for Data Analysis	This course is about learning the fundamental computing skills necessary for effective data analysis. You will learn to program in R and to use R for reading data, writing functions, making informative graphs, and applying modern statistical methods.	In this course you will learn how to program in R and how to use R for effective data analysis. You will learn how to install and configure software necessary for a statistical programming environment, discuss generic programming language concepts as they are implemented in a high-level statistical language. The course covers practical issues in statistical computing which includes programming in R, reading data into R, creating informative data graphics, accessing R packages, creating R packages with documentation, writing R functions, debugging, and organizing and commenting R code. Topics in statistical data analysis and optimization will provide working examples.
Clinical Problem Solving	Participants will learn how to move efficiently from patient signs and symptoms to a rational and prioritized set of diagnostic possibilities and will learn how to study and read to facilitate this process.	Clinical problem solving or diagnostic reasoning is the skill that physicians use to understand a patient’s complaints and then to identify a short, prioritized list of possible diagnoses that could account for those complaints. &nbsp;This differential diagnosis then drives the choice of diagnostic tests and possible treatments. Despite striking advances in information technology, clinical problem solving has not yet been effectively replicated by computers, making it essential that clinicians work to develop expertise in this very important skill set. &nbsp;While television shows make this seem like a magical process, work done by cognitive psychologists and medical educators has helped us understand the ways in which expert physicians reason through these difficult problems to help their patients. &nbsp; This course will examine the ways physicians think about clinical problem solving and will help participants develop competence in the building blocks of clinical problem solving. The professor will use cases to illustrate different reasoning strategies and will discuss how both correct and incorrect diagnoses result from these strategies. Participants will use sample clinical cases to practice what they have learned through the lectures. Finally, the professor will discuss strategies to help students and young physicians read textbooks and articles in a way that enhances their ability to use information in the clinical environment.&nbsp; 
Learn to Program: Crafting Quality Code	Not all programs are created equal.  In this course, we'll focus on writing quality code that runs correctly and efficiently.  We'll design, code and validate our programs and learn how to compare programs that are addressing the same task.	Most programs are used for years and are worked on by many people. Having programs that are easy to understand is essential, in the same way that a well-organized essay is far easier to follow than a disorganized one. We’ll show you an approach that helps to break down problems into smaller tasks that are easier to both solve and read. &nbsp; This design approach also makes it more straightforward to find and fix flaws. You'll be introduced to the tools that professional programmers use; they're called "testing" and "debugging". &nbsp; For most complex problems, there are many programs that solve them. Some are inherently slower than others. You'll learn how to read two programs and compare them for efficiency.
Nutrition for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention	This course covers the basics of normal nutrition for optimal health outcomes and evidence-based diets for a variety of diseases.	This course covers the basics of normal nutrition for optimal health outcomes     and evidence-based diets for a variety of diseases. Participants will learn     the fundamentals of nutrition science and build upon these to explore emerging     diet therapies, to analyze nutrition research and to plan well-balanced     meals and dietary interventions for both healthy individuals and those     with a number of diseases and health conditions.&nbsp;
Mathematical Biostatistics Boot Camp	This class presents the fundamental probability and statistical concepts used in elementary data analysis. It will be taught at an introductory level for students with junior or senior college-level mathematical training including a working knowledge of calculus. A small amount of linear algebra and programming are useful for the class, but not required. 	Statistics is a thriving discipline that provides the fundamental language of all empirical research. Biostatistics is simply the field of statistics applied in the biomedical sciences.  This course puts forward key mathematical and statistical topics to help students understand biostatistics at a deeper level. After completing this course, students will have a basic level of understanding of the goals, assumptions, benefits and negatives of probability modeling in the medical sciences. This understanding will be invaluable when approaching new statistical topics and will provide students with a framework and foundation for future self learning.  Topics include probability, random variables, distributions, expectations, variances, independence, conditional probabilities, likelihood and some basic inferences based on confidence intervals.
Contraception: Choices, Culture and Consequences	Learn about the wide range of contraceptive methods, and the public health implications related to access to information and choices about reproductive health.	This course gives a broad overview of contraceptive methods and explores issues that influence contraceptive choices today.&nbsp;  We will discuss the mechanism of action, effectiveness, risk/benefit, side effects and contraindications for each contraceptive method, as well as ask some questions about contraceptive decision making. What are some of the factors that influence contraception use and decision making? &nbsp; Are there specific cultural, ethnic, social and environmental factors? &nbsp;We will also look at the relationship between contraception use and risk of acquiring Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs).&nbsp; 
Foundations of Business Strategy	Learn how to analyze an organization's strategy and make recommendations to improve its value creation by building your strategist's toolkit.	In this course, we will explore the underlying theory and frameworks that provide the foundations of a successful business strategy.&nbsp; We will develop your ability to think strategically by providing you the tools for conducting a strategic analysis. Strategic analysis is critical for analyzing the competitive context in which an organization operates and for making reasoned and reasonable recommendations for how that organization should position itself and what actions it should take to maximize value creation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Aspiring managers, entrepreneurs, social entrepreneurs, analysts, and consultants all may find value in mastering these fundamentals.
Student Thinking at the Core	This course explores how teachers can capitalize on what students bring to the classroom - their ideas, perceptions, and misunderstandings - to advance the learning of all students in the class, a practice we call “leveraging student thinking”.  	As good teachers know, our most important resource(s) in classroom interaction are the ideas and experiences our students bring with them. The past two decades of research on learning, and more recent framings of academic goals (especially the Common Core State Standards) bring this insight to the forefront. This short course, designed for as few as four weeks and as many as eight, asks how teachers can and do capitalize on what students bring to the classroom - their ideas, perceptions, and misunderstandings – to advance the learning of all students in the class. Our overarching goal is to support participants in developing the knowledge     and skills needed to take up student thinking in ways that enable all students     to learn challenging subject matter – a practice we call “leveraging student     thinking”. Course content will focus primarily on middle grades classrooms in various     disciplines, but the practice of leveraging student thinking is applicable     to ALL subject areas and grade levels. Participants will explore the design     of curricular tasks, the analysis of patterns of talk, and the use of representational     tools to:      elicit student thinking,     attend to significant features of that thinking,     interpret students’ ideas within a developmental framework, and     bridge from students’ current understandings to more sophisticated understandings.  These ideas will be introduced through guided engagement with video cases.     Analysis of the video cases will highlight the elements involved in leveraging     student thinking, and also will illustrate the epistemic, academic, developmental     and managerial “pressure points” that challenge teachers’ ability to capitalize     on student thinking in constructive ways.Throughout the course, participants will further explore and test out these ideas in their own classrooms,&nbsp;be they formal or informal. (A Sunday school class, a scout troop, a homeschool opportunity, or a traditional classroom environment would all be appropriate, but some kind of teaching practice is necessary to benefit from the course.)&nbsp; The goal is to&nbsp;work on the work of teaching&nbsp;while&nbsp;teaching.In addition, critical reflection with a group of partners is an important component of this course. &nbsp;At&nbsp;key&nbsp;points, participants will be asked to document their work to share with peers for feedback.&nbsp;Therefore, we strongly encourage teachers to&nbsp;plan on working through&nbsp;this course in teams (of two to four people) to facilitate mutual observation, analysis and discussion. Teachers&nbsp;who&nbsp;do not have a team at the beginning of the course&nbsp;will be able to create a team through&nbsp;online forums at the beginning of the course&nbsp;and can exchange their teaching examples through video or narrative descriptions.
Einführung in Computer Vision	Dieser Kurs vermittelt einen Überblick über die Grundlagen des Maschinellen Sehens an Hand der Extraktion von 3D-Information aus dem Stereokamerabild einer Szene.	     Räumliches Sehen stellt für die meisten Menschen eine Selbstverständlichkeit da. Maschinen mit einem gleichwertigen Sehvermögen auszustatten, ist hingegen eine sehr komplizierte Angelegenheit. Seit den 1960-er Jahren hat sich dieser als Computer Vision bezeichnete Forschungsbereich kontinuierlich entwickelt und zahlreiche Forschungsergebnisse hervorgebracht. Viele Fragen haben jedoch noch nicht hinreichend beantwortet werden können und sind bis heute aktuell.        Dieser Kurs befasst sich mit einigen grundlegenden Algorithmen der Computer     Vision, führt das hierzu benötigte Fachvokabular ein und frischt die benötigten     mathematischen Grundlagen auf, wann immer sie benötigt werden. Beginnend     mit grundlegenden Methoden der Bildverarbeitung wie z.B. der Kantendetektion,     werden diese im Lauf des Kurses für umfassendere Aufgaben wie Merkmalsextraktion     und Korrespondenzschätzung angewendet. Diese Korrespondenzen können mit Wissen über die Darstellung von Bildern     am Computer und der Beschreibung von Objektbewegungen im Raum dann verwendet     werden, um die Epipolargeometrie eines Sterokamerasystems und somit die     2D-3D-Beziehung zwischen Bildern und der Szene zu beschreiben. Hierbei     wird der Unterschied zwischen unkalibriertem und kalibriertem Kamerasystem     erläutert, sowie auf das Konzept der Homographie eingegangen. Schließlich     ermöglicht das Zusammenspiel all dieser Aspekte die 3D-Rekonstruktion einer     Szene aus einem Stereokamerabildpaar.
The Future of Humankind	This course will take students on an extraordinary journey – the beginning of a massive transformation of humankind. Nothing remotely like this had ever happened in the billions of years of evolution on Earth. It was enabled by technology, but many other factors were part of its driving force.	  Back in 1750, there were no complex machines in use, except for church clocks. There was no power for machines other than primitive windmills, water wheels and the pulleys with weights that drove church clocks.  We have changed amazingly since 1750, but the truly dramatic changes are yet to come. If we get things right, we have the potential to create a Neo-Renaissance, fundamentally different from the Renaissance centered around Florence in the 16th and 17th centuries. Later this century there will be ubiquitous computer power, fully automated factories, and intelligent robots doing most of the jobs that people do today. If implemented in an enlightened way, people will become used to having a large amount of leisure time, and the arts and humanities will flourish.&nbsp;
Histología básica: los cuatro tejidos fundamentales 	Este curso está diseñado para que los estudiantes adquieran los conocimientos necesarios para distinguir los cuatro tipos de tejidos celulares que conforman el organismo. Está dirigido a estudiantes de Medicina, Biología, Veterinaria, Fisioterapia y Enfermería	A lo largo del curso, los estudiantes aprenderán a diferenciar los tejidos epiteliales, los tejidos conectivos, los tejidos musculares y el tejido nervioso, en base a las características morfológicas funcionales de las células que los conforman. El curso se desarrollará haciendo incidencia en la interpretación de imágenes histológicas tomadas mediante microscopía óptica, microscopía de fluorescencia y microscopía electrónica de transmisión y de barrido. Se utilizarán imágenes de preparaciones histológicas procesadas con distintas técnicas de marcaje incluyendo técnicas topográficas, técnicas de marcado específico, técnicas histoquímicas y técnicas inmunohistoquímicas.  Con el desarrollo del curso, los estudiantes:  Aprenderán a reconocer los tejidos básicos y sus variantesAdquirirán destreza en la interpretación de imágenes histológicasAmpliarán sus conocimientos técnicos sobre métodos de marcaje histológico
Egiptología (Egyptology)	Este curso introduce a los estudiantes de grado de habla hispana en los aspectos más relevantes de la lengua, la historia y la cultura del Egipto de los faraones.	Este curso está dirigido a estudiantes de grado y a personas interesadas     en las civilizaciones antiguas que deseen adquirir conocimientos fundamentales     acerca de la lengua, la historia y la cultura del Egipto faraónico e introducirse     en los métodos y las herramientas de la disciplina egiptológica para, a     continuación, seguir profundizando autónomamente o realizar ulteriores     estudios académicos de grado o de máster en el ámbito de la disciplina. Los objetivos del curso son los siguientes:       Explicar los aspectos esenciales y diferenciales de las principales etapas         de la historia y la cultura del antiguo Egipto, prestando especial atención         a las fuentes textuales y arqueológicas.     Conocer la lengua y las escrituras egipcias, su desciframiento y las principales         creaciones literarias que el antiguo Egipto nos ha legado. 
Pre-Calculus	Se trata de un curso pensado para facilitar la entrada del estudiante en los cursos de cálculo de primer semestre de prácticamente cualquier grado universitario, con especial  énfasis en Ciencias e Ingeniería. 	Este curso permite a los estudiantes adquirir una base sólida que permita abordar con garantías el primer semestre de un grado universitario. El contenido sienta las bases para trabajar con números reales, funciones y números complejos, incluyendo el estudio de las familias más importantes de funciones: lineales, cuadráticas, polinomiales, exponenciales, logarítmicas y trigonométricas. También incluye una introducción al cálculo diferencial e integral (reglas de derivación y funciones derivadas), incluyendo también la aplicación simple del cálculo integral para resolver problemas sencillos sobre áreas planas y volúmenes.   El curso está orientado a estudiantes pre-universitarios o personas con conocimientos básicos de cálculo que quieren estar preparados para los cursos de nivel universitario.  Los objetivos del curso son:  Adquirir competencias básicas      de cálculo.Resolver problemas matemáticos      que aplican los conocimientos adquiridos a los problemas que puedan surgir      en las ciencias y la ingeniería.  El curso será impartido en castellano.  
Matemáticas y movimiento	El curso propone un acercamiento a la Matemática Preuniversitaria donde el contexto del movimiento en línea recta dará significado al conocimiento y la tecnología será el medio para interactuar con el mismo.	En este curso vamos a considerar el contexto real del movimiento en línea recta para dar cabida a ideas y nociones importantes del Cálculo.   El curso se restringe al conocimiento de los modelos matemáticos lineal, cuadrático y cúbico; no obstante, con estos casos quedará clara de un modo general la visión del Cálculo como la Matemática que estudia el cambio y la variación.  A través del análisis de diferentes tipos de movimiento realizados por un “personaje” sobre una recta horizontal, la relación entre las gráficas de velocidad y de posición del movimiento con respecto al tiempo, aparecerán ante nuestra vista como la representación matemática que invita a interpretar lo que está sucediendo con el movimiento en cuestión.  Algunos conocimientos algebraicos y geométricos que corresponden con ecuaciones y funciones lineales, cuadráticas y cúbicas van a ser retomados decididamente durante el curso, y esto para dar respuesta a diferentes preguntas que surgen del movimiento rectilíneo en cuestión.  Será de esta modo que se podrá interactuar combinando las diferentes representaciones matemáticas (numérica, algebraica y gráfica) en el afán por entender la situación real considerada.  En este curso se hará un uso pleno de tecnologías digitales para la graficación y de software especializado en conocimiento matemático del cual se puede hacer uso de manera libre en la actualidad. Las prácticas que buscan consolidar el aprendizaje integran el uso de estos recursos&nbsp;también, brindando a la vez la oportunidad de ver en la tecnología digital un aliado en la interacción con la Matemática y nuestro pensamiento.  El curso puede considerarse como una preparación al Cálculo en el nivel universitario; no obstante, busca ofrecer a cualquier persona un acercamiento a la Matemática diferente, donde números, letras, fórmulas y gráficas se entrelazan en un razonamiento coherente. Es una oportunidad para todo aquel que busca hacer del razonamiento matemático una forma de pensar y actuar.
Write Like Mozart: An Introduction to Classical Music Composition	This course introduces students to strategies for style writing of common practice European art music.  The issues of harmonic progression, voice leading, and texture are addressed in addition to relevant compositional concepts like repetition, variation, and elaboration.  The course aims to offer a creative space even within the restrictions of stylistic emulation.	This course aims to give students a set of approaches for composition in the style of Classical and Romantic era European art music. &nbsp;The principles and skills in this course engage one as&nbsp;much as possible in the thinking of composers from those eras, giving the student compositional&nbsp;freedoms that composers of that era enjoyed. &nbsp;The issues of harmonic progression, voice leading, and texture are addressed in addition to relevant compositional concepts such as&nbsp;common tones, leading tones, repetition, variation, and elaboration.The course offers presentations, demonstrations, and exercises for self-evaluation. &nbsp;Assessment involves a variety of short compositions in common textures found&nbsp;during the 18th and 19th centuries.This course assumes that the student has had exposure to the basic principles of tonal&nbsp;harmony, musicianship, and/or some similar music theory introductory course. &nbsp;Students should be&nbsp;fairly&nbsp;comfortable with roman numeral analysis or, at least, chord symbols and common harmonic&nbsp;progressions. &nbsp;This course is not aimed exclusively at musicians with a classical music&nbsp;background. &nbsp;Rock, pop, and jazz musicians might find this course interesting as a stylistic&nbsp;contrast to the genres they usually work in.
Unpredictable? Randomness, Chance and Free Will	This cross-disciplinary course deals with the undetermined, the unpredictable- or what appears to be such. Learn about the usefulness of randomness in communication and computation, the intrinsic randomness of quantum phenomena, the unpredictability of the weather, the role of chance in evolution, and the implications of the neural activity of the brain on our "free will".	This cross-disciplinary course deals with the undetermined, the unpredictable -- or what appears&nbsp;to be such. Among the questions that will be addressed are:How has randomness, often seen as a nuisance, become a useful resource for&nbsp;communication and computing?How can physicists make the astounding claim that there is real randomness in nature?What is the “chance” invoked by biologists in the context of evolution?Can our apparently free acts be predicted by monitoring the activity of the brain?
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 1: Introduction	Foundations of Teaching for Learning is a program of study primarily for people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education. It is an introductory program that considers the three domains of being a teacher:  Professional Knowledge and Understanding; Professional Practice; and Professional Values, Relationships and Engagement.	This introductory course explains how the seven other courses in the program will assist you to improve your understanding of your role and work as a teacher.&nbsp; This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional.&nbsp;   Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp; While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.&nbsp;The program consists of the following courses:IntroductionBeing a TeacherLearners and LearningCurriculumPlanning for Teaching and LearningIntroduction to Student AssessmentBeing a ProfessionalDeveloping Relationships&nbsp;
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 2: Being a Teacher	How we teach has its foundation in how we were taught and how we learned. This course provides an opportunity for you to reflect on your personal and professional development as a teacher. Through reflection and portfolio development you will enhance your knowledge and understanding of how to promote learning.  	This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp; This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional.&nbsp;&nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp; While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 3: Learners and Learning	The teacher’s work becomes meaningful when it is informed by research and theories of learning, and their relationship to actual practice. This course provides an opportunity for you to identify and understand students’ expectations and prior learning. 	This course introduces you to important theories about learning, and to conditions which may help or constrain achievement in the students’ learning.&nbsp;It&nbsp;is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp;&nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional.&nbsp;&nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.
Crafting an Effective Writer: Tools of the Trade	Learn to become an effective builder of sentences using the basic tools of grammar, punctuation, and writing.	Learn to become an effective builder of sentences using the basic tools of grammar, punctuation, and writing. By dedicating yourself to the craft of writing, you will learn to use the eight parts of speech and grammar to develop the four basic sentence types into a well-organized, detailed paragraph. This course is designed for anyone who wants to become a better writer. If you need to write more clearly for work, prepare for a placement test for a college, or improve your skills for current writing projects, this class will definitely be beneficial.   Objectives:        Students will be able to identify and correct some sentence level grammatical         and punctuation errors.     Students will be able to develop four sentence types: simple, compound,         complex and compound-complex.     Students will be able to recognize and use all four sentence types.     Students will be able to develop a clear topic sentence.     Students will be able to write a well-organized, detailed paragraph. Why would you want to take this course?&nbsp; There are a variety of reasons:       As a pre-Assessment activity     As a petition for English placement     As a brush-up for students while in writing classes     As a brush-up for students who don’t/can’t enroll in an English class     As a resource for flipped/blended classrooms     To become a better writer      
On the Hunt for Feedback: Self-Directed Teacher Improvement	Take charge of your own improvement as a teacher by collecting and acting upon feedback. 	On the Hunt for Feedback: Self-Directed Teacher Improvement   Teaching is isolating. &nbsp;Most of the work happens behind a closed door. &nbsp;Teachers want feedback about their teaching, but encounter three problems:  1. They don't get much. &nbsp;The principal or department head doesn't visit very often. &nbsp;And there’s no built-in structure at their school for peer observation.   2. The feedback isn't helpful or actionable.   Sometimes it's just happy talk -- 98% of American teachers are rated satisfactory -- and while everyone likes a pat on the back, evaluations that say "you were wonderful" don't make better teachers. &nbsp;Or sometimes the feedback is critical in ways that don’t present clear next steps. &nbsp;Sometimes it's vague or just plain wrong. &nbsp;  3. Some teachers can be defensive. &nbsp;  (Yes, we know – only SOME people are defensive, but not YOU. &nbsp;You are different. &nbsp;You handle feedback with grace, confidence, and a "let's fix this" orientation. {Except&nbsp;sometimes maybe not.})   ***  This course is based on a simple idea: that teachers take control of their own improvement by aggressively seeking out and acting upon feedback about their teaching.   The idea may be simple, but the work is not. So we should say straight up: this is NOT a typical MOOC. Participants in this MOOC won’t improve their teaching skills by just watching lectures. Participants also won’t really take anything away from this MOOC if they do it “a la carte:” we believe they need to do every part of every assignment in order to leverage the kinds of changes in practice that we think are possible in a course like this.   We all wish that our public school system was such that every teacher would have easy access to great coaching – or even any coaching at all. But unfortunately that’s not the world we live in. Indeed, high school athletes can EXPECT to be coached, but schoolteachers somehow need to track it down themselves. Teachers deserve better. But they have a choice: bemoan the lack of legit coaching that they get and will likely continue to get, or become the rare teacher who builds her own improvement loop. &nbsp;  Class 1: The Big Picture on Teacher Feedback  We will review the realities of teacher feedback in typical schools, looking at where that feedback usually comes to teachers and how it’s processed.&nbsp; In most schools, the teacher plays a passive role in this—waiting until an evaluation comes to them.&nbsp; We believe the best teachers create the opposite type of process: they HUNT down feedback, drag it back to their lairs, and use it. &nbsp;They realize that if they wait for good feedback to come to them, they might wait a long, long time. &nbsp;  Class 2:&nbsp; Case Study: Peer Feedback  We profile teachers&nbsp;who've&nbsp;asked their peers to give them critical feedback. How did they ask their colleagues for help? What rubric or observation protocol did they use? How did they choose what to focus on after they got the feedback? What kind of action/improvement plan did the teacher write? What happened when the teachers tried to implement their action steps? What did their peers say when they came back to their classroom a few weeks later?   Participants in this course will do the exact same assignment: they will seek out feedback from a peer to generate their own action plan and a reflection on its implementation. Participants will also be assigned to give and receive feedback on these action plans from other students in our MOOC who are working on similar focus areas in similar contexts (e.g. other math teachers who are trying to improve the rigor of their questioning).   Class 3:&nbsp;Case Study: Student Feedback &nbsp;  First we review the emerging new evidence, from the Gates Foundation MET Project, about student surveys and their power for accurately assessing teachers’ strengths and weaknesses. &nbsp;Then, similar to the Peer Feedback class, we show a teacher going through all the steps, interspersed with commentary from the course instructor.  Again, our MOOC participants will do the same assignment: create a student survey (we’ll show you examples); administer the survey; tabulate the data; write and implement a plan; and get and give feedback from/to a peer with a similar focus area.   Class 4: Case Study: Assessment Data  First we cover the evidence of how schools and teachers are using student assessment data to drive instructional improvements. Then we once again examine examples of teachers who go through all of the steps of administering a unit assessment, analyzing the data, and designing and implementing a targeted instructional intervention.   MOOC participants will do the same assignment, and then get and give feedback from/to a peer who teaches a similar subject and/or grade level. &nbsp;  Course Learning Outcomes:  To describe both structural and psychological impediments to teachers receiving effective feedback about their practice, as well as strategies to overcome those impediments.&nbsp;To engage in self-directed improvement via three types of data collection—action plan—reflection assignments: peer observation, student surveys, and student assessment data analysis.To provide critical support and feedback to fellow MOOC participants who have similar teaching contexts and/or improvement focus areas.&nbsp;    
The Brain-Targeted Teaching® Model for 21st Century Schools	Improve the outcomes in your classroom through practical applications of neuro- and cognitive science research. 	New findings from the neuro- and cognitive sciences have the potential to inform classroom instruction and influence educational practices for children at all developmental levels. &nbsp;Translating this research to practice, however, is often challenging for educational practitioners. &nbsp;This course will offer practical application of research by linking it with the Brain-Targeted Teaching® Model (BTT)—a pedagogical framework for using research in the neuro- and cognitive sciences as well as research-based effective instruction to guide teachers in planning, implementing, and assessing a sound program of instruction for all learners.&nbsp;Participants in the course will examine research from the brain sciences that can inform educational practice and be able to implement research findings using the instructional framework, The Brain-Targeted Teaching® Model. This model presents six stages, or “brain targets” of the teaching and learning process. The components include (1) establishing the emotional climate for learning, (2) creating the physical learning environment, (3) designing the learning experience, (4) teaching for the mastery of content, skills, and concepts, (5) teaching for the extension and application of knowledge, and (6) evaluating learning. A central theme of the model is the integration of the arts to foster retention of new information, conceptual development, and higher-order thinking and creative problem-solving.Course objectives:Describe themes in brain research that can inform educational practice consistent with the Brain-Targeted Teaching® Model.Describe how emotional and physical learning environments affect learning.Identify themes in brain research that educators can apply as they design instruction; teach for mastery of content, skills, and processes; design activities to apply and extend knowledge; and evaluate learning.  
Volcanic Eruptions: a material science.	Volcanic eruptions are a powerful demonstration of the energy of the Earth´s interior. A materials-based understanding of the evolution of erupting systems provides a quantitative physico-chemical description of the nature of lava and magma and the role of experiments in quantifying the eruptive process. 	Geoscientists define a “living planet” as one with active volcanism. By this definition our Earth is very much alive, with many eruptions each year and with a far greater number of “active volcanoes” that can potentially erupt in any given year.&nbsp;In detail, each eruption is different. Every volcano is its own physical and chemical system, occurs in its own geological location, is subjected to its local stress field, and is at its own stage in evolution in geological time.&nbsp; External triggers of volcanic eruptions are also believed to play an important role.Yet powerful generalisations and models of volcanic eruptions are indeed possible and in fact very useful in dealing with the consequences of volcanic eruptions.  How are such models constructed? They must rest on a basis of a mechanistic understanding of what volcanoes are, and what they are doing – not just during eruptions but also in the events leading up to eruptions, and not just at the Earth´s surface but also at depth, where the magma is being prepared for the next eruption.In addition to field observations of past eruptions, monitoring of signals from magmatic systems, and computer-based simulation of volcanic eruptions, increasingly, high pressure and high temperature experiments are employed in order to answer the question of how volcanic systems work.  These controlled laboratory conditions for experimental volcanology are transforming the study of volcanoes from a chiefly observational discipline where eruptive mechanisms were developed via theoretical analysis of such observations, into a fully modern scientific discipline where such theoretical approaches are either verified or rejected, by the experimental picture of what is possible and what is not.This course shows you how such experimental insight is&nbsp;obtained and what it tells us about erupting volcanoes.
El ABC del emprendimiento esbelto 	A través de diferentes actividades de campo el participante vive personalmente el proceso emprendedor, aprendiendo los conceptos del curso principalmente con base en la experimentación. 	A pesar de que una gran parte de la literatura sobre emprendimiento prepara     al “candidato emprendedor” a cómo hacer planes de negocio para conseguir     financiamiento proveniente de supuestos inversionistas, tal y como lo hace     la tradición norteamericana de enseñanza del emprendimiento, la realidad     de negocios nos dice que inclusive en los países desarrollados los proyectos     emprendedores inician con sus recursos financieros propios y normalmente     muy escasos.La principal herramienta para estos emprendimientos no es el plan de negocios ni el financiamiento, sino la creatividad empresarial.&nbsp; Por lo que, para una enseñanza efectiva del proceso emprendedor, hay que partir de esta realidad y no solo imitar lo que sucede en universidades, principalmente norteamericanas, con un contexto muy diferente al resto del mundo. Por otro lado, pareciera un misterio el por qué solo muy pocos proyectos de empresa o de negocio tienen éxito, pareciera una combinación entre el “culto” a la personalidad del emprendedor y suerte; sin embargo la realidad nos demuestra que los proceso emprendedores que tienen éxito, si bien tiene una influencia la importante motivación y la persona, siguen un proceso con etapas específicas, un patrón de acciones muy similar, aunque los emprendedores no se hayan dado cuenta de este proceso.   Este curso invita al participante a tener la persistencia para seguir     este proceso emprendedor basado en la experimentación.
Early Renaissance Architecture in Italy: from Alberti to Bramante	Through some of the most celebrated examples of the early Renaissance architecture and the most important statements of the early Renaissance theories, the course will examine problems of the architectural spaces, technology and forms looking to the antiquity in the XV century in Italy.	Early Renaissance Architecture in Italy: from Alberti to Bramante   When Leon Battista Alberti completed his treatise about architecture around 1452, his initial study of texts and monuments of Antiquity was based on mathematics and geometry as a reflection of nature, with a belief that architecture was a part of a man's civil duty.   This attitude would condition the architectural principles of the early Renaissance and architects did not apply themselves to textual imitations of individual antique monuments. In Florence, they preferred to accept and articulate the rational “system” of Brunelleschi, either transforming it, like Alberti, or breaking with it in a return to tradition, like Michelozzo. In north and south Italy, the battle between innovation and resistance was increasing in strength and substance because it not only encompassed immediate questions of decorative language&nbsp; (antique forms and architectural orders) but also the problems of conceiving and constructing an architecture that could replace the gothic structural membering with the continuous masonry of the Antiquity. At first, the new decoration was frequently adapted to the existing architectural system, and only later did it find a partner in the different spatial and structural conceptions that descended from Florentine exempla. The tendency to see norms and models in antique architecture, which must be rigidly replicated, first affirmed itself at the beginning of the XVI century in Rome.   Through some of the most celebrated examples of the early Renaissance     architecture and the most important statements of the early Renaissance     theories, the course will examine problems of the architectural spaces,     technology and forms in the XV century in Italy, from Leon Battista Alberti’s     to Francesco di Giorgio’s and Bramante’s proposals.    
Introduction to International Criminal Law	Taught by one of the world’s leading experts in the field, this course will educate students about the fundamentals of international criminal law and policy. We will explore the challenges of prosecuting international genocide, war crimes, terrorism, and piracy cases. 	From the Nuremberg trial to the case against Saddam Hussein, from the prosecution of Al-Qaeda terrorists to the trial of Somali pirates – no area of law is as important to world peace and security as international criminal law.&nbsp; Taught by one of the world’s leading experts in the field, this course will educate students about the fundamentals of international criminal law and policy.&nbsp; We will explore the contours of international crimes such as genocide, war crimes, terrorism, and piracy.&nbsp; We will examine unique modes of international criminal liability and specialized defenses.&nbsp; And we will delve into the challenges of obtaining custody of the accused and maintaining control of the courtroom.
La visione del mondo della Relatività e della Meccanica Quantistica	In questo corso imparerete come la fisica del XX secolo, con la Relatività e la Meccanica Quantistica, abbia combiato la nostra visione del mondo.	La fisica del XX secolo, con le teorie della relatività e della meccanica quantistica, ha cambiato radicalmente la visione del mondo che ci circonda. Dallo spazio e tempo assoluti e indipendenti si è passati ad una descrizione di un mondo in cui distanze ed intervalli di tempo dipendono da chi le osserva, in cui l’ordine di accadimento di due eventi non è univoco, in cui la velocità del tempo segnato da un orologio dipende da quali corpi si trovino vicino. Nel microscopico si è invece abbandonata la descrizione della fisica classica, magari caotica, ma sempre deterministica, per arrivare ad una descrizione probabilistica, in cui gli stati e le proprietà del mondo microscopico non sono determinati, a priori, intrinsecamente, ma acquisiscono realtà solo se vengano misurati o se entrino in contatto con altri “oggetti”. L’abbandono della realtà locale, del fatto cioè che le azioni esercitate in un luogo, per particolari sistemi, possono avere effetti istantanei su oggetti a distanze virtualmente infinite, stravolgono la descrizione di un mondo che fino al secolo scorso sembrava sensato e ragionevole. Nel corso verranno descritte le principali caratteristiche di queste due teorie, di come abbiano cambiato il concetto del nostro universo e delle possibilità di conoscerlo, e di come abbiano influito nella vita quotidiana.
Understanding economic policymaking	This course will take a non-technical approach to understanding how governments influence the macroeconomy.  Topics will include fiscal policy, deficits and debts, monetary policy and structural reform.  We will review some current debates, such as fiscal stimulus vs. austerity and rules vs. quantitative easing.	Developed countries are immersed in the worst crisis since World War II.&nbsp; How are governments responding?&nbsp; Could they do more?&nbsp; These are the questions that will be tackled in this course.  &nbsp;  The course begins with a review of some basic macroeconomic concepts to lay the groundwork for the policy framework.&nbsp; It then analyzes how fiscal policy works and what the effects of today´s outsized deficits and debts could be on national economies.&nbsp; It then moves to monetary policy and explores its drawbacks and the recourse to other approaches, such as quantitative easing.&nbsp; Finally, the course looks at the other policies open to governments to address a crisis, and the debate over how they have been used today.  &nbsp;  Students will finish the course by trying their own hands at economic policymaking for an unidentified country, with an online simulator exercise.
Inspiring Leadership through Emotional Intelligence	Emotional intelligence, hope, mindfulness, and compassion help a person reverse the damage of chronic stress and build great leadership relationships. The Positive and Negative Emotional Attractors inspire sustained, desired change and learning at many levels. 	Great leaders move us through our emotions. They establish a deep emotional     connection with others called resonance. Their own levels of emotional     intelligence allow them to create and nurture these resonant relationships.     They use their EI as a path to resonant leadership through mindfulness,     hope, compassion, and playfulness. Unfortunately, most people in leadership     and helping positions (i.e., doctors, teachers, coaches, etc.) lose their     effectiveness over time because of the cumulative damage from chronic stress.     But humans can renew themselves, neurologically, hormonally, and emotionally. Based on decades of&nbsp;research into emotional intelligence&nbsp;competencies     and longitudinal studies of their development, the course will examine     resonance and developing "resonant leadership" capability,&nbsp;emotional     intelligence, and the experiences of mindfulness, hope, and compassion.     Using the latest in neuroscience, behavioral, organizational and psychological     research, participants will&nbsp;understand the theory, research, and experience     of the Positive Emotional Attractor that is an essential beginning to sustained,     desired change for individuals, teams, organizations and communities.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Analyzing the Universe	Using publicly available data from NASA of actual satellite observations of astronomical  x-ray sources, we explore some of the mysteries of the cosmos, including neutron stars, black holes, quasars and supernovae.	 Science is really not about looking up facts in an encyclopedia.&nbsp; It is a process that extends what we know into the realm of the unexplored.&nbsp; This can be exciting, certainly; to be able to sneak a peak at the Universe at its strange, awesome, cosmic best.&nbsp; But it is very different from your run-of-the-mill standard “textbook” idea of science.&nbsp; Science is a social, human endeavor.And as human beings, we crave authenticity.&nbsp; We have seen the trappings of society, we act as if we have mastered technology, and yet we know that something is lacking.&nbsp; We have succumbed to the lure of Ebay, Facebook and Amazon (at least, I know I have!), and yet we remain unsatisfied at some primal level.&nbsp; It’s time to peel away the layers of glitzy imagery and use our machines to exploit their ultimate purpose: the capability to&nbsp; process large amounts of data with instructions that we provide, in order to test our ideas about how the Universe seems to behave.&nbsp; In short, to do Science.&nbsp; For the first time, it is possible for the interested student (and we are all students, especially those that have any claim to be considered “learned” , such as the instructor!) to have this experience on-line. The subject matter for this course will be divided into two broad components which will be interweaved in an interdisciplinary fashion. The first is a general introduction to the physics and astronomy information you will need to understand basic phenomena that occur in the realm of x-ray astrophysics; the second is the presentation of authentic satellite data from various exciting types of x-ray sources, which you will analyze to better understand the working of the high-energy Universe in which we live. There are no prerequistes for this course, other than high-school mathematics (algebra and trigonometry). I hope you will enjoy your experience in "Analyzing the Universe".
Developing Innovative Ideas for New Companies: The 1st Step in Entrepreneurship	Explore how to identify and develop great ideas into great companies. Learn how to identify opportunities based on real customer needs. Develop solid business models. Create successful companies.	This course assists aspiring entrepreneurs in developing great ideas into great companies. With strong economies presenting rich opportunities for new venture creation, and challenging economic times presenting the necessity for many to make their own job, the need to develop the skills to develop and act on innovative business opportunities is ever present.    Using proven content, methods, and models for new venture opportunity assessment and analysis, students will learn two key skills: (1) how to use a business model approach to analyze each part of a company, and (2) a customer development orientation to see if anyone really wants the product. Value propositions, customer segments, strategic alliances, and business modeling are core elements taught in the course. The initial steps to creating a business plan, and raising financial capital to launch the firm, are examined as well. Our goal is to demystify the startup process, and to help you build the skills to identify and act on innovative opportunities now, and in the future.
Fundamentals of Personal Financial Planning	Explore the basic personal financial planning concepts.  Learn how to define and reach your financial goals. Apply the framework of personal financial planning to monitor your own finances, with special emphasis on lifecycle-specific topics, such as saving for education, student loans, or wealth management and estate planning.	This course was created to help those who  cannot afford extensive planning assistance better understand how to  define and reach their financial goals. It provides basic understanding  so informed decisions can be made.  The course can also be seen as a  reference for individual topics that are part of personal financial  planning. Financial planning, in the broadest sense, is an effort to manage all  aspects of a person / family’s financial affairs.  Classically, that  begins with planning family spending and extends through risk management  (insurance), taxes, wealth accumulation, investing, and wealth  distribution (retirement and estate planning).
Clinical Terminology for International and U.S. Students	This course is for International and U.S. undergraduate or graduate students in the health professions who are planning or currently beginning clinical practice education in the United States.	The language of the American clinical setting has many unique terms, abbreviations and acronyms. Sudden exposure to this new language is challenging for both American students and international students coming to the United States to begin or continue their studies in the health professions. This course provides strategies for learning the terms, abbreviations and acronyms that are used commonly in the technical language of the clinical unit. Self-pacing and self-assessment are encouraged. Students will be encouraged to use an on-line clinical dictionary focused on those terms, abbreviations, and acronyms that commonly challenge students who are new to American clinical settings.
Disaster Preparedness	During this course, students will gain an understanding of the Disaster Cycle, concentrating on the Mitigation Phase. They will examine disaster planning on a personal level developing a disaster plan and examine Awareness and Attitude during disasters and daily life.	This course will teach the student how to survive when everything we normally take for granted is gone, when the structures we depend on have failed. We will examine the Disaster Cycle, particularly the Mitigation and Recovery phases. Students will prepare an extensive personal preparedness plan covering such topics as supplies, communication, food and water, shelter, security, and comfort (yes even in survival there can and should be comfort). We also look at preparedness on the institutional and government levels.  We will look beyond these plans towards the one aspect of survival, which will enable a person to survive when all planning has failed. Disasters, by definition, overwhelm all available resources. If all available resources are gone, only one thing will keep a person alive and that is their attitude. A persons awareness and attitude, the two are closely linked, allow a person the means to remain calm, avoid panic, and draw upon resources within and outside the person to survive when their world has failed. In truth not everyone survives in extreme circumstances; people die, but, even in death, attitude, if it cannot save you, provides some degree or comfort.
Women and the Civil Rights Movement	Learn about women’s roles in the U.S. civil rights struggles of the 1890s to the 1990s. 	This course examines the U.S. civil rights movement from the vantage point of women, considering both women’s involvement in the legal campaigns and political protests and the impact of civil rights struggles on women’s status and identity.&nbsp; Taking a “long civil rights movement” perspective, we begin in the late nineteenth century and consider events, organizations, and personalities through the twentieth century. Throughout we will consider issues which have preoccupied historians, social movement theorists, and historians alike:&nbsp; developing and sustaining political commitment, assessing the strengths and weaknesses of various forms of political organization, maximizing influence and securing long-range objectives.&nbsp; We will also examine competing definitions of leadership; class, race, and gender dynamics within the movement; and the cultural dynamics of political organizing and social change.&nbsp; In the process, we consider not only how the movement altered the status of African Americans in the U.S. but the legacy of these struggles as they changed understandings of citizenship and rights more broadly. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our concern throughout the course will be to not only understand the historical narrative but also to see how historians work to make sense of the past.
Health Informatics in the Cloud	A non-technical introduction to the contemporary application of computing to healthcare delivery, public health and community-based clinical research.	This course is intended to help even non-technically trained students gain basic proficiency in health&nbsp;informatics: the application of computing to healthcare delivery, public health and community-based&nbsp;clinical research. This is distinct from the related field of bioinformatics, which explores the role of&nbsp;computing in understanding the genomic and proteomic processes within cells. Weeks 1-2 cover the&nbsp;US healthcare delivery system's unique structural, economic and policy issues and how they create a&nbsp;potentially strategic role for health informatics. Week 3-5 explains at a high level the core technologies&nbsp;involved in contemporary health informatics. Weeks 6-9 explore how these technologies are being&nbsp;deployed using some of the best commercial and open source products as examples. Week 10 presents&nbsp;the instructor’s personal speculation about the future of the field. There are reading assignments for each&nbsp;week. As the course progresses, students can, optionally, also read the appropriate chapters of the&nbsp;instructor’s text, Health Informatics in the Cloud.
AccountableTalk®: Conversation that Works	Designed for teachers and learners in every setting - in school and out, in formal learning environments or at home - this course is an introduction to the theory and practice of well-structured talk that builds the mind.	Designed for teachers and learners in every setting - in school and out, in formal learning environments or at home - Introduction to Accountable Talk is an introduction to the theory and practice of well-structured talk that builds the mind. You will learn from the growing body of research and from educators who put it into practice, why intentionally structured talk promotes learning and how educators can design talk situations that promote learning. The course includes video examples of children and adults engaging in Accountable Talk in a variety of settings and will enable you to begin to build Accountable Talk in your own learning community. While the Accountable Talk program was originally developed for K-12 classrooms, its structures and practices are readily and productively applicable to any situation in which people get together and talk in order to learn. The course was developed by the School of Education and the Institute for Learning at the University of Pittsburgh. The Institute for Learning was founded by Lauren Resnick, an internationally renowned cognitive psychologist, in 1995. Since then, under Resnick’s leadership the Institute for Learning has worked to support the improvement of education and achievement of all students in more than 70 school districts in 23 different states. 
Nutrition and Physical Activity for Health	This course will provide a coherent, understandable look at the evidence on how nutrition and physical activity impact health through lower morbidity, longevity, and quality of life.	Over 65 percent of adults and over 30 percent of children meet the classification of being overweight or obese, and with this excess weight comes numerous health conditions that include heart disease, diabetes, cancer, musculoskeletal disorders, and even impairments in cognitive function. Because in most cases the core cause of obesity and its related health conditions is a poor quality of diet and lack of sufficient physical activity, it is no surprise that to reverse this health problem a foundation of proper nutrition and sufficient physical activity is imperative.  This course is designed to provide a foundation of nutritional knowledge to develop a sustainable pattern of healthy eating. To this will be added a foundation of knowledge related to physical activity and exercise. These two key lifestyle behaviors are then brought together under the umbrella of calorie balance, which is the understanding of how we balance the calories that we eat in our diet with the calories that we burn to sustain life and to perform all of our daily tasks and functions.  Ultimately, this information can only be of value if individuals understand how to engage in these healthy behaviors within their daily lives when they are faced with challenges and barriers. This course will address key issues and will provide information on effective strategies for adopting and maintaining these targeted behaviors as they apply to the adoption and maintenance of a healthy lifestyle. 
A Look at Nuclear Science and Technology	This course will focus on the theory, design and operation of commercial nuclear power reactors. The course will also touch on contemporary issues regarding nuclear power generation including: the nuclear fuel cycle, the economics of nuclear power, and nuclear non-proliferation.	The course, “A Look at Nuclear Science and Technology” is aimed at scientifically inclined individuals who want to learn more about nuclear energy and the nuclear power industry. It will address subjects such as: What is nuclear energy? What is its history? Who are its heroes? Why is it controversial? How do nuclear power plants work? What about nuclear weapons? What are the stereotypes and misconceptions? We expect many students who finish this class to want to go on for further study in a closely related field.
Cryptography I	Learn about the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and how to apply this knowledge in real-world applications!	Cryptography is an indispensable tool for protecting information in computer systems. This course explains the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and how to correctly use them. Students will learn how to reason about the security of cryptographic constructions and how to apply this knowledge to real-world applications. The course begins with a detailed discussion of how two parties who have a shared secret key can communicate securely when a powerful adversary eavesdrops and tampers with traffic. We will examine many deployed protocols and analyze mistakes in existing systems. The second half of the course discusses public-key techniques that let two or more parties generate a shared secret key. We will cover the relevant number theory and discuss public-key encryption and basic key-exchange.&nbsp;Throughout the course students will be exposed to many exciting open problems in the field. The course will include written homeworks and programming labs. The course is self-contained, however it will be helpful to have a basic understanding of discrete probability theory.
Caries Management by Risk Assessment (CAMBRA)	This course will provide the scientific basis for caries (dental decay) risk assessment and practice interventions.  You will immediately be able to apply “caries management by risk assessment” into your clinical setting or into your personal health care.	Dental Caries (tooth decay) is a bacterially based disease that progresses when acid produced by bacterial action on dietary fermentable carbohydrates travels into the tooth and dissolves the carbonated hydroxyapatite mineral. &nbsp;This process is called demineralization.  Pathological factors, including acidogenic bacteria, salivary dysfunction, and dietary carbohydrates are related to caries progression.&nbsp; Protective factors, which include antibacterials, salivary calcium, phosphate and proteins, salivary flow, and fluoride in saliva can balance, prevent or reverse dental caries through a process of remineralization.&nbsp; Remineralization is a natural and reliable repair mechanism for non-cavitated carious lesions.  This course will provide the scientific basis behind the “caries balance” concept, which is the key to caries management by risk assessment in clinical practice.&nbsp; If pathological factors prevail caries progresses.&nbsp; If protective factors prevail the caries process is halted or reversed.  The course will present tools to implement &nbsp;CAMBRA, “caries management by risk assessment,” in your clinical setting.&nbsp; It can be in implemented medical and dental settings, and can benefit children and adults of all ages. Implementation in dental practice provides patients with genuine hope and success for the management of their oral health.&nbsp; It is a practice builder for dentistry.
An Introduction to Financial Accounting	This course will improve your fluency in financial accounting, the language of business.  You will learn how to read, understand, and analyze most of the information provided by companies in their financial statements.  These skills will help you make more informed decisions using financial information.	Accounting is the language of business.&nbsp; Companies communicate their performance to outsiders and evaluate the performance of their employees using information generated by the accounting system.&nbsp; Learning the language of accounting is essential for anyone that must make decisions based on financial information.  The course is designed to provide an understanding of financial accounting fundamentals for prospective users of corporate financial information, such as investors, creditors, employees, and other stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, customers).&nbsp;&nbsp; The course focuses on understanding how economic events such as operating activities, corporate investments, and financing transactions are recorded in the three main financial statements (i.e., the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows). Students will develop the technical skills needed to analyze financial statements and disclosures for use in financial analysis.&nbsp; Students will also learn how accounting standards and managerial incentives affect the financial reporting process. &nbsp;
The Global Business of Sports	This course analyzes the business side of sports and discusses the intricacies of global sports leagues as well as various countries' sports strategies. You will be equipped with a framework and tools to understand and evaluate the business side of competitive sports around the world.	The wide range of global sports businesses constitutes a multi-billion     dollar industry. This course will examine and explain the business of sports     by analyzing the economic, legal, governance and success models in various     sports industries. The primary focus will be on American team sports but     comparative global models will be contemplated as well.&nbsp; We will seek     to find the answers to questions such as: what lessons can global sports     entities learn from each other? What business strategies are used to retain     the profitability of world leagues, sports teams and franchises? What lessons     can be drawn from the United States based sports models? What revised models     should new entrepreneurial leagues apply in order to achieve success? Substantive     instruction will be drawn from the likes of the Olympics, FIFA World Cup,     MLB, NFL, Premier League, various player unions, China, India, South Africa,     Brazil and much more. &nbsp;&nbsp;Ultimately, our goal is to equip the     student with a framework and tools with which to understand and evaluate     the business side of a wide range of competitive sports ventures.
The Science of Gastronomy	This course introduces students to elements of science behind cooking, cuisine preparation and the enjoyment of food. The ultimate goal is to help students recognize the importance of scientific principles being applied in everyday life, so that they will appreciate and be able to apply some of these principles in their future cooking practice, including the manipulation of human perception.	This course introduces students to a number of basic scientific principles underpinning cooking, cuisine preparation and the enjoyment of food. Various topics with a strong basis in biology, chemistry and physics applications will be covered. These include the consumption of cooked food, physiological and evolutionary control of the senses, geographic and cultural influences and the rationale behind cuisine preparation. Issues like coupling of senses to improve sense stimulation, altering flavor by chemical means, and modification of the coloration to improve the appearance of dishes will be discussed in the course. Through video demonstrations of the scientific principles underlying cooking practices, students are expected to recognize the key ingredients and their combination for preparing good healthy food. They will be able to:  develop an appreciation of the scientific basis of various cuisine recipes;develop their own recipes by integrating some of the scientific principles into new dishes; as well asrecognize the influence of the material world on human perception from the different senses, and thusbe able to continually take on cooking and dining as an art of integrating sciences.
A New History for a New China, 1700-2000: New Data and New Methods, Part 1	The purpose of this course is to summarize some of the new directions in Chinese history and Chinese social science produced by the discovery and analysis of new historical data, in particular archival documents and datasets, and to organize this knowledge in a framework that encourages learning about China in comparative perspective.	Our course demonstrates how a new scholarship of discovery is redefining     what is singular about modern China and modern Chinese history. The current     understanding of human history and social theory is based largely on Western     experience or on non-Western experience seen through a Western lens. This     course offers alternative perspectives derived from Chinese experience     during the last three centuries. We present specific case studies of the     new scholarship of discovery divided into three independent parts, which     means that students can take any Part without prior or subsequent attendance     of the other Parts. Part 1 addresses the issue of “Who Gets What” and covers     sequentially inequality and education, education and social mobility, social     mobility and wealth distribution, and wealth distribution and regime change.     Part 2 turns to the related issue of “Who Survives” and includes studies     of inequality and population behavior, population behavior and human development,     human development and social organization, and social organization and     social stratification. Part 3 deals with issues of identification and motivation     and presents studies of religion and gender, ethnicity, and nationalism     from late imperial times to the present-day. Our class eschews the standard chronological narrative arc for an analytic     approach that focuses on specific discoveries and on how these new facts     complicate our understanding of comparative societies, human behavior,     and the construction of individual and group identities. That being said,     while we do not emphasize the temporal narratives of late imperial, early     modern and contemporary China, we of course also discuss change over time     as China progresses from a largely domestic imperial history to the shared     stories of imperialism and semi colonialism, communism and collectivization,     and reform and globalization.
Science, Technology, and Society in China I: Basic Concepts	What are science, technology, and innovation? How do science, technology, and innovation inform our understanding of developments in the social sphere? How have these domains evolved in the Chinese context? In this course, we will examine these issues and attempt answering these and many other questions!	Science and technology continue to play an increasingly central role in our lives, not least in countries such as China that are undergoing rapid technological, economic and social change.&nbsp;This course is the first of a trilogy of short courses on science, technology, and society in China. Here, we explore in general terms how engineering as well as scientific knowledge and practice are influenced by dynamic interactions between science, technology, innovation, and society.&nbsp;The course will introduce the innovation systems approach, laying the groundwork for mastering the remaining two parts of the course by introducing broad concepts and ideas to provide students with a platform on which to think about the science/technology–society relationship and related policy issues with a focus on China.&nbsp;This understanding will then be applied more specifically to China in the next two courses in the series. Part II will examine the impact of the Industrial Revolution in the West on scientific and technological progress in China. Part III will examine science and technology in Chinese society today and the basis for the policy prescriptions the Chinese government is currently employing to promote innovation and technology development.   
Sports and Society	This course explores the role of sports around the world, and how the games we watch and play shape identity, culture, and society. 	Sports play a giant role in contemporary society worldwide. &nbsp;But few of us pause to think about the larger questions of money, politics, race, sex, culture, and commercialization that surround sports everywhere. &nbsp;This course draws on the tools of anthropology, sociology, history, and other disciplines to give you new perspectives on the games we watch and play. &nbsp;We will focus on both popular sports like soccer (or “football,” as anyone outside America calls it), basketball, and baseball, and also lesser-known ones like mountain-climbing and fishing. &nbsp;Special guests will include former major league baseball player and ESPN commentator Doug Glanville; leading sports journalist Selena Roberts;     and sports studies experts David Andrews,     Grant Farred, and Katya Wesolowski.&nbsp;You will never watch or think         about sports in the same way again.
Pre-Calculus	This class prepares students for eligibility to enroll in the first semester of single variable calculus.	This course is taught so that students will acquire a solid foundation  in algebra and trigonometry. The course concentrates on the various  functions that are important to the study of the calculus. Emphasis is  placed on understanding the properties of linear, piece-wise,  exponential, logarithmic and trigonometric functions. Students will  learn to work with various types of functions in symbolic, graphical,  numerical and verbal form.
Preparation for Introductory Biology: DNA to Organisms	Through this class you should be able to explain basic concepts in cellular and molecular biology using correct terminology, as well as develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills that can be applied to all of your studies of biology.	This course is designed for students who are taking or about to take introductory biology at the college level. &nbsp;Its focus will be providing the repeated practice and critical thinking activities that will enable students to be successful in the class in which they are formally enrolled.  This course will cover the foundational concepts of cell biology and chemistry:Parts of a cell and its membranePolarity, charge and waterMembrane transport, rearranging the cell and&nbsp;&nbsp;cell movementBiological macromolecules and their functional chemistryManufacturing and transporting of proteins
Introduction to Improvisation	Learn the basic concepts of improvisation from Gary Burton, one of the most renowned improvisers in the jazz world, including the mental, melodic, and harmonic processes that contribute to the instinctive skills that an improviser puts to use when taking a solo.	While many people are fans of jazz and understand that musicians are often “making up” the notes they are playing during a performance, most people—often including musicians, themselves, who are beginning to learn improvising—aren’t clear about what exact processes take place to enable this to happen. The purpose of this course is to introduce the basic concepts of improvisation and how to go about mastering the different musical and mental skills involved. Course author Gary Burton codifies a sought-after approach to improvisation that has been at the  core of Berklee College of Music's curriculum for decades. Students who complete this course will know what to practice and how to practice the various aspects of improvising, in addition to understanding how the improviser spontaneously communicates to the listeners through their musical creations.     
Introduction to Guitar	Grasp the essentials needed to begin playing acoustic or electric guitar. You'll learn an easy approach to get you playing quickly, through a combination of exploring the instrument, performance technique, and basic music theory.  	For students who have long thought about picking up the acoustic or electric guitar, this course will provide an easy-access foundation that will get you playing. When first learning guitar, it is important to have the material presented in stages, in an enjoyable way that allows you to grasp the basics of the instrument and music. The course begins simply with the parts of the guitar, the names of the strings, tuning, and technique—whether finger-style or pick. It then explores the basics of music theory with such topics as scales, triads, power chords, and fingering and shapes.At the end of this course, students will understand the structure, parts, and accessories of the instrument, in addition to an understanding of its basic maintenance. Electric guitar players will learn the  operation of their instrument along with basic options for  amplification, effect pedals, and sounds. Students will also learn to develop correct technique and apply theory concepts to their playing. They will have the foundational knowledge necessary to pursue most intermediate guitar courses. 
The Law of the European Union: An Introduction	The EU is the most successful supranational legal order to which 27 Member States have transferred sovereign rights. This course explores the functioning of the unique creature that is the EU, the impact of its laws on states, citizens and companies, and the current challenges it faces.	In 2012, the EU received the Nobel Peace Prize for its decades-long contribution to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe. War has become virtually unthinkable in the EU. When the first steps towards supranational cooperation - primarily targeted at preventing the rearmament of Germany - were made in the aftermath of World War Two, the Founding Fathers of the European integration construct could never have imagined this outcome in their wildest dreams. Over the years, the supranational cooperation would widen - from the original European Communities consisting of 6 Member States to the current Union of 27 Members – and deepen – from the originally almost purely economically inspired Communities to the current Union with a say in almost all areas of national competence. At the same time, problems with the Euro have plunged the EU in one of the biggest crises since its inception. This challenges lawmakers to tackle difficult questions about the continued existence of the Euro and the future direction of the European integration project.This course will give the students an insight into the law of the EU, a vast and fascinating area of law which forms an integral part of the legal systems of its 27 Member States. The course is divided into three parts. In the first part, we will pay attention to the creation and the development of the EU, its institutional structure and functioning, and the specific nature and sources of EU law. In the second part, we will examine how EU law impacts on the lives of EU citizens as well as on companies that are established or provide services in the EU. &nbsp;In the final part, we will tackle Europe’s common currency crisis, investigating causes, effects and possible routes out of this existential crisis of the Union.    If you are a student, lawyer, entrepreneur or simply interested in the EU, its&nbsp;development and legal system, this course will provide you with the foundations.&nbsp;The course is of interest to people both inside and outside the European Union: EU citizens may learn how to benefit from the rights contained in EU life; people from other parts of the world may learn from the EU’s specific set-up, its functioning and the legal solutions being applied in the European context.
Introduction to Engineering Mechanics	This course is an introduction to learning and applying the principles required to solve engineering mechanics problems.  	This course is an introduction to learning and applying the principles required to solve engineering mechanics problems.  Concepts will be applied in this course from previous courses you have taken in basic math and physics.&nbsp; The course addresses the modeling and analysis of static equilibrium problems with an emphasis on real world engineering applications and problem solving.
Calculus One	Calculus One is a first introduction to differential and integral calculus, emphasizing engaging examples from everyday life.	Calculus is about the very large, the very small, and how things change.&nbsp; The surprise is that something seemingly so abstract ends up explaining the real world. &nbsp;Calculus plays a starring role in the biological, physical, and social sciences.&nbsp; By focusing outside of the classroom, we will see examples of calculus appearing in daily life.This course is a first and&nbsp;friendly introduction to calculus, suitable for someone who has never seen the subject before, or for someone who has seen some calculus but wants to review the concepts and practice applying those concepts to solve problems.&nbsp; One learns calculus by doing calculus, and so this course encourages you to participate by providing you with:instant feedback on practice problemsinteractive graphs and games for you to playcalculus projects and demos you can try at homeopportunities for you to explain your thought process
Virology I: How Viruses Work	Introductory virology course emphasizing the common reactions that must be completed by all viruses for successful reproduction within a host cell. 	This introductory virology course emphasizes the common reactions that must be completed by all viruses for successful reproduction within a host cell and survival and spread within a host population. The molecular basis of alternative reproductive cycles are presented with examples drawn from a set of representative animal and human viruses, although selected bacterial viruses will be discussed.
Roman Architecture	Roman Architecture is a course for people who love to travel—in actuality and virtually—to a wide variety of places and we will do that together as we explore the great buildings and engineering marvels of Rome and its vast empire in their ancient and contemporary contexts.	This course is an introduction to the great buildings and engineering marvels of Rome and its empire, with an emphasis on urban planning and individual monuments and their decoration, including mural painting. While architectural developments in Rome, Pompeii, and Central Italy are highlighted, the course also provides a survey of sites and structures in what are now North Italy, Sicily, France, Spain, Germany, Greece, Turkey, Croatia, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, and North Africa. Many of the learning materials presented in this course will be adapted from the Roman Architecture course Professor Kleiner provided as part of the Open Yale Courses project. The lectures are illustrated with over 1,500 images, many from Professor Kleiner's personal collection.
Networks Illustrated: Principles without Calculus	This course serves as an introduction to the basic principles that govern all aspects of our networked lives. We will learn about companies like Google and technologies like the Internet in a way that requires no mathematics beyond basic algebra.	Networks are everywhere. From the social connections we make on platforms like Facebook, to the technology behind the Internet upon which these sites run, they have become an integral part of our daily lives.  In this course, we will study these networks. Specifically, we will focus on understanding the fundamental principles that guide their designs and sustainability. We will see how the simplest phrases like “sharing is hard” and “crowds are wise” can summarize a vast amount of network theory, that goes into answering questions like “how does 3G work on your smartphone?” and “when can you trust an average rating on Amazon?”. &nbsp;And rather than using heavy math, this course will only require basic arithmetic such as addition and multiplication. We rely on animations, analogies, and anecdotes as our pedagogical tools, in lieu of detailed equations.
MOS Transistors	Learn how MOS transistors work, and how to model them. The understanding provided in this course is essential not only for device modelers, but also for designers of high-performance circuits. 	The MOS transistor (MOSFET) is the workhorse of the microelectronic revolution. It is&nbsp;estimated that there are currently over&nbsp;1 billion transistors per human being in the world. Part of the MOS transistor's success lies in its very small size (you can fit 1,000 of them within the width of a human hair!), part lies on some amazing things this device&nbsp;can do. However, the descriptions of MOS transistors in basic electronics courses cannot begin to do&nbsp;justice to this device.&nbsp;If you want to really know how the MOSFET&nbsp;operates, and how to model it, you need to study it carefully and systematically. This course will help you do just that.&nbsp; The course starts with a review of basic physical principles, and expands into a detailed treatment of MOS transistor phenomena, in a logical and systematic fashion, enhanced by intuitive discussions. We discuss a hierarchy of models - from the simple to the sophisticated - clearly identifying the connections between them, and encompassing many aspects of modeling, including dc, large-signal transient operation, quasi-static operation, non-quasi-static operation, small-signal operation,&nbsp;noise, and structural effects. We discuss the concepts on which&nbsp;the most popular CAD (computer-aided design) MOS transistor models are based.
Surviving Disruptive Technologies	 The purpose of this course is to help participants and the organizations they encounter survive the waves of technological disruptions facing business, government, education and their daily lives.	The purpose of this course is to help individuals and organizations survive when confronted with disruptive technologies that threaten their current way of life.&nbsp; We will look at a general model of survival and use it to analyze companies and industries that have failed or are close to failing.&nbsp; Examples of companies that have not survived include Kodak, a firm over 100 years old, Blockbuster and Borders.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is likely that each of us has done business with all of these firms, and today Kodak and Blockbuster are in bankruptcy and Borders has been liquidated.&nbsp; Disruptions are impacting industries like education; Coursera and others offering these massive open online courses are a challenge for Universities.&nbsp; In addition to firms that have failed, we will look at some that have survived and are doing well.&nbsp; What are their strategies for survival?  By highlighting the reasons for the decline of firms and industries, participants can begin to understand how to keep the same thing from happening to them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Through the study of successful organizations, we will try to tease out approaches to disruptions that actually work.&nbsp; Our ultimate objective is to develop a strategy for survival in a world confronting one disruptive technology after another.
Medical Neuroscience	Explore the structure and function of the human central nervous system. Learn why knowledge of human neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neural plasticity, and new discovery in the brain sciences matters for clinical practice.	Medical Neuroscience explores the organization and physiology of the human central nervous system. This course is designed for first-year students in graduate-level health professions programs. It builds upon knowledge acquired in prior studies of cellular and molecular biology, general physiology, and human anatomy. The course provides students an understanding of the essential principles of neurological function, from cellular and molecular mechanisms of neural signaling and plasticity to the organization and function of sensory and motor systems. This course emphasizes the neural and vascular anatomy of the human brain and spinal cord, providing an anatomical framework for localizing lesions within the central nervous system. It also emphasizes the neurobiological foundation for understanding mental illness and disorders of human behavior.  The overall goal is to equip students in the health professions for interpreting impairments of sensation, action and cognition that accompany neurological injury, disease or dysfunction. Students currently pursuing advanced studies in the brain sciences will benefit from this course by learning the fundamentals of functional human neuroanatomy and how neuroscience discovery translates to clinical practice.
Think Again: How to Reason and Argue	Reasoning is important.  This course will teach you how to do it well.  You will learn how to understand and assess arguments by other people and how to construct good arguments of your own about whatever matters to you.	Reasoning is important. &nbsp;This course will teach you how to do it well. &nbsp;You will learn some simple but vital rules to follow in thinking about any topic at all and some common and tempting mistakes to avoid in reasoning. &nbsp;We will discuss how to identify, analyze, and evaluate arguments by other people (including politicians, used car salesmen, and teachers) and how to construct arguments of your own in order to help you decide what to believe or what to do. These skills will be useful in dealing with whatever matters most to you.
Introductory Human Physiology	In this course, students learn to recognize and to apply the basic concepts that govern integrated body function (as an intact organism) in the body's nine organ systems.	The goal of this course is to provide an introduction to human physiology. The students learn to recognize and explain the basic concepts that govern each organ and organ system and their integration to maintain homeostasis, as well as some clinical aspects of failure of these systems. The organ systems covered include: &nbsp;nervous, muscle, cardiovascular, respiratory, endocrine, male and female reproductive, gastrointestinal, and urinary.  This human physiology course is targeted to undergraduate and graduate students with an elementary background in biology. In a typical undergraduate setting, this course would fulfill requirements for students applying to professional health science programs such as medical school, nursing, physician assistant, pathologists’ assistant, physical therapy, and doctorate of physical therapy. In addition it is an ideal course in preparation for the MCAT exam.
Healthcare Innovation and Entrepreneurship	This interdisciplinary course focuses on sustainable innovation, introducing entrepreneurial students to the realities of problem identification and solution design within the complex world of healthcare.	Healthcare Innovation and Entrepreneurship applies a focused approach toward sustainable healthcare innovation. Students will be introduced to definitions and concepts that include the innovation process, design thinking, “intrapreneurship,” entrepreneurship, six sigma principles of process improvement, regulatory issues, patent law, and the market forces that impact the healthcare innovation process. All students will gain confidence in the basic elements of the initial discovery phase in the healthcare innovation process, including  Defining and describing key components of the healthcare innovation process. Becoming aware of challenges to the quality of healthcare delivery and the opportunity for improved patient care and cost reductions. Learning and practicing a step-by-step “needs finding” process and a “needs filtering” process for identifying and prioritizing real clinical problems and opportunities for innovation. Developing cross-disciplinary collaboration skills. Strengthening communication and leadership skills in advocating health systems change. 
Introduction to Astronomy	An introduction to astronomy through a broad survey of what we know about the universe and how we know it.	In this class, we will be studying, quite literally, everything in the universe. &nbsp;We will start with "classical" astronomy, describing the night sky and organizing what we see as was done in ancient times. &nbsp;We will then embark on a journey, starting here on Earth and progressing outward, to study the Solar system, the Milky Way galaxy, and the wonderful and strange objects we observe in deep space, such as black holes, quasars, and supernovae. &nbsp;We will end with some discussion of what scientists know today about the universe as a whole. &nbsp;Along the way we will introduce some of the methods, theoretical and experimental, that have been used to understand all of this, from Newton's laws, through our understanding of light and matter, to Einstein's theory of relativity, and from Galileo's telescope to WMAP.
Introduction to Genetics and Evolution	A whirlwind introduction to evolution and genetics, from basic principles to current applications, including how disease genes are mapped and how we leverage evolutionary concepts to aid humanity.	Introduction to Genetics and Evolution gives interested people a very basic overview of the principles behind these very fundamental areas of biology. &nbsp;We often hear about new "genome sequences," commercial kits that can tell you about your ancestry (including pre-human) from your DNA or disease predispositions, debates about the truth of evolution, and why animals behave the way they do. &nbsp;This course provides the basic biology you need to understand all of these issues better and tries to clarify some misconceptions. &nbsp;No prior coursework is assumed.
Rationing and Allocating Scarce Medical Resources	This course will explore the complex challenges of allocating scarce medical resources at both the micro and macro level. Students will learn the theories behind allocation and use modern examples to explore how society makes the difficult decisions that arise when there is not enough to go around.	You have one liver but three patients awaiting a liver transplant.  Who should get the liver? What criteria should be used to select the  recipient? Is it fair to give it to an alcoholic? These are some of the  questions that arise in the context of rationing and allocating scarce  health care resources among particular individuals, and concern what are  called micro-allocation decisions. But trade-offs also need to be made  at the meso- and macro-level. Budgets of public payers of healthcare,  such as governments, and of private ones, such as health plans, are  limited: they cannot cover all drugs and services that appear beneficial  to patients or physicians. So what services should they provide? Is  there a core set of benefits that everyone should be entitled to? How  can we make fair decisions, if we know from the outset than not all  needs can be met? Using the cases of organs for transplantation, the  rationing for vaccines in a flu pandemic, and drug shortages, the course  will critically examine alternative theories for allocating scarce  resources among individuals, while also exploring the principles and  values that underlie those theories. 
Neuroethics	This course will examine the ethical, legal and social issues raised by neuroscience. Topics will include the implications of new knowledge of the brain for our understanding of selfhood, for the meaning of privacy, for the distinction between therapy and enhancement, and for national security.	My course on Neuroethics originally scheduled for this spring has been postponed until September.&nbsp; I recognize that this will be an inconvenience for some and for that I apologize, but teaching an online course is a new experience for me, as taking one is for many of you, and as I've been preparing the sessions I have discovered that there is some fine-tuning to be done.&nbsp; Since I don't want to compromise on quality I hope you will all understand and bear with me.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;-- Jonathan D. Moreno, Ph.D.“Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.” --George Orwell Neuroethics might well be the most rapidly growing area within bioethics; indeed, in some respects neuroethics has grown as an independent field, with its own journals, professional society and institutional centers. This growth over the past decade is partly attributable to the growth of neuroscience itself and to the challenging philosophical and moral questions it inherently raises. A 2012 Royal Society report observes that “(a)n increasingly mechanistic understanding of the brain raises a host of ethical, legal, and social implications. This has laid the foundation for the emergent field of Neuroethics, which examines ethical issues governing the conceptual and practical developments of neuroscience. Irrespective of their validity, even the claims that modern neuroscience entails the re-examination of complex and sensitive topics like free will, consciousness, identity, and responsibility raises significant ethical issues. As such, neuroethics asks questions that extend beyond the usual umbrella of biomedical ethics.” This course will, therefore, consider the new knowledge and ways of learning about the brain from scientific and ethico-legal and social standpoints. We will examine the core themes of neuroethics, including cognitive enhancement, the nature of the self and personhood, neuroimaging and privacy, and the ways that all these themes are brought together in matters affecting national security. 
Bioelectricity: A Quantitative Approach	Nerves, the heart, and the brain are electrical. How do these things work? This course presents fundamental principles, described quantitatively.	In this class you will learn how to think about electrically active tissue in terms of individual mechanisms, and you will learn to analyze the mechanisms quantitatively as well as describe them qualitatively. &nbsp;The course uses many of the same examples used by Hodgkin and Huxley, who won the Nobel Prize for their experimental unraveling of the mechanisms of the nerve axon of the giant squid, and their creation of a mathematical model of membranes and propagation to understand its function. &nbsp;That work has been the foundational element of most subsequent understandings of electrically active tissue, whether in nerves, the brain or in muscle, including the heart.    In this course, topics include:  The electrical charging of active membranes from the creation and use of differences in ionic concentrations across the membrane. The stimulation of the membrane, both naturally and from engineered sources. The creation of action potentials by the membrane in response to stimulation. The chain reaction of membrane responses, with each small region or cell initiating an action potential in adjacent ones. The observation of associated electrical currents in terms of extracellular wave voltages they create, the basis of clinical measurements such as the electrocardiogram.    The course will at each step present equations and other quantitative reasoning so that you will be able to go beyond describing what happens qualitatively and be able to link together the phenomena in the mosaic in a quantitative fashion, which is essential to judging whether specific changes in inputs are important to the outcome. Through the use of quantitative analysis, you will learn that all the elements of the system are tied together and be able to link together and analyze the effects of one part on another. 
First-Year Composition 2.0	First-Year Composition 2.0 will help you to develop a better process and gain confidence in written, visual, and oral communication and to create and critique college-level documents and presentations.	First-Year Composition 2.0 will help you to develop a better process and gain confidence in written, visual, and oral communication and to create and critique documents and presentations in college, in the workplace, and in your community. You will draft and revise the following assignments: a personal essay, an image, and an oral presentation.  You will develop confidence in the following areas:       Critical Thinking: Evaluate the effectiveness of personal essays, images,         and oral presentations. Assess your work and the work of your peers. Reflect         on your own processes and performance.                   Rhetoric: Analyze the ways in which you and other communicators use persuasion.         Think about and use context, audience, purpose, argument, genre, organization,         design, visuals, and conventions.                   Process: Apply processes (read, invent, plan, draft, design, rehearse,         revise, publish, present, and critique).                   Digital Media: Produce written, oral, and visual artifacts.               
E-learning and Digital Cultures	This course will explore how digital cultures and learning cultures connect, and what this means for the ways in which we conduct education online. The course is not about how to ‘do’ e-learning; rather, it is an invitation to view online educational practices through a particular lens – that of popular and digital culture. Follow this course on Twitter at #edcmooc.	E-learning and Digital Cultures is aimed at teachers, learning technologists, and people with a general interest in education who want to deepen their understanding of what it means to teach and learn in the digital age. The course is about how digital cultures intersect with learning cultures online, and how our ideas about online education are shaped through “narratives”, or big stories, about the relationship between people and technology. We’ll explore some of the most engaging perspectives on digital culture in its popular and academic forms, and we’ll consider how our practices as teachers and learners are informed by the difference of the digital. We’ll look at how learning and literacy is represented in popular digital-, (or cyber-) culture, and explore how that connects with the visions and initiatives we are seeing unfold in our approaches to digital education.  This course will not be taught via a series of video lectures. Rather, a selection of rich resources will be provided through which you can begin to engage with the themes of the course. While the teachers will be present in the discussion forums and in various other media environments, there will be an emphasis on learner-led group formation, and the use of social media to build personal learning networks and communities of peers. On this course, you will be invited to think critically and creatively about e-learning both as a process and as a topic of study; you will be able to try out new ideas in a supportive environment, and gain fresh perspectives on your own experiences of teaching and learning. &nbsp;This course is also intended to be an exploration &nbsp;of the MOOC format itself. &nbsp;Rather than approaching this course with the expectation of exacting teaching methods or precise learning routines, we invite all participants to collectively experiment with what the MOOC experience might be.  The course assessment will involve you creating your own digital artefact: something that is designed to be experienced digitally, on the web. It will be likely to contain a mixture of text, image, sound, video, links, and can be created in the environment of your choice. The artefact will be a representation of any of the themes encountered during the course, and you‘ll have the opportunity to use digital spaces in new ways to present this work. Our definition of ‘digital artefact’ is intentionally imprecise to invite experimentation and creativity: it will be evaluated via guided peer-assessment.This course has been developed collaboratively by a team of experienced teachers and researchers in online education, who run the international MSc in Digital Education distance programme at the University of Edinburgh.
Critical Thinking in Global Challenges	In this course you will develop and enhance your ability to think critically, assess information and develop reasoned arguments in the context of the global challenges facing society today.	Critical thinking is the ability to gather and assess information and evidence in a balanced and reflective way to reach conclusions that are justified by reasoned argument based on the available evidence. Critical thinking is a key skill in the information age, valuable in all disciplines and professions.  This introductory course will give you the opportunity to better understand what critical thinking is, and to practice and enhance your critical thinking skills. To do so, we will use the context of some important global challenges that affect us all, and to which we have no clear “correct” solutions: for example, the risk and spread of serious infectious diseases in epidemics in modern societies, the implications of increasing human population on global resources, energy, environment and climate, and the challenges of human health and wellbeing in the modern world. Possible solutions to global issues such as these are hotly debated, and give the perfect setting to practice recognizing and evaluating facts, ideas, opinions and arguments.  The relevant background information for each global challenge will be provided to ensure that you can complete the exercises. Note, however, this course is not a course on these global challenges themselves; instead it uses the context of these thought-provoking challenges to practice critical thinking.
Programming Languages	Investigate the basic concepts behind programming languages, with a strong emphasis on the techniques and benefits of functional programming. Use the programming languages ML, Racket, and Ruby in ways that will teach you how the pieces of a language fit together to create more than the sum of the parts. Gain new software skills and the concepts needed to learn new languages on your own.	Learn many of the concepts that underlie all programming languages. Develop a programming style known as functional programming and contrast it with object-oriented programming. Through experience writing programs and studying three different languages, learn the key issues in designing and using programming languages, such as modularity and the complementary benefits of static and dynamic typing. This course is neither particularly theoretical nor just about programming specifics – it will give you a framework for understanding how to use language constructs effectively and how to design correct and elegant programs. By using different languages, you learn to think more deeply than in terms of the particular syntax of one language. The emphasis on functional programming is essential for learning how to write robust, reusable, composable, and elegant programs – in any language.
Functional Programming Principles in Scala	Learn about functional programming, and how it can be effectively combined with object-oriented programming. Gain practice in writing clean functional code, using the Scala programming language.	This course introduces the cornerstones of functional programming using the Scala programming language. Functional programming has become more and more popular in recent years because it promotes code that’s safe, concise, and elegant. Furthermore, functional programming makes it easier to write parallel code for today’s and tomorrow’s multiprocessors by replacing mutable variables and loops with powerful ways to define and compose functions.  Scala is a language that fuses functional and object-oriented programming in a practical package. It interoperates seamlessly with Java and its tools. Scala is now used in a rapidly increasing number of open source projects and companies. It provides the core infrastructure for sites such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Foursquare, Tumblr, and Klout.  In this course you will discover the elements of the functional programming style and learn how to apply them usefully in your daily programming tasks. You will also develop a solid foundation for reasoning about functional programs, by touching upon proofs of invariants and the tracing of execution symbolically.  The course is hands on; most units introduce short programs that serve as illustrations of important concepts and invite you to play with them, modifying and improving them. The course is complemented by a series of assignments, most of which are also programming projects.
Equine Nutrition	This course will cover many aspects of equine nutrition ranging from anatomy and physiology of the gastrointestinal tract to dietary management of horses/ponies affected with nutrition-related disorders.    This is course is designed for self-directed study with minimal tutor input, and as such emphasis is placed upon peer discussions of the topics presented in each section of the course.  This course is not designed to have a large amount of tutor input as this is an open access course that attracts tens of thousands of participants.  However, tutors will endeavour to answer the main queries relating to the understanding of the lecture materials and to provide a summary of the key questions raised in each of the weekly topics and clarification of any misunderstandings. 	This course is designed to provide knowledge of equine digestion and nutrition for those with an interest in this area. The anatomy and physiology of the equine alimentary canal will be studied to provide students with an understanding of the equine digestive system. &nbsp;Nutrient sources for horses will be discussed, with emphasis placed on the health and welfare issues surrounding the inclusion of various types of feedstuffs in equine diets. &nbsp;Students will also discuss recommendations on rations for horses and ponies performing various activities and should feel better equipped to make judgements on rations for horses and ponies, in health and disease.
High Performance Scientific Computing	Programming-oriented course on effectively using modern computers to solve scientific computing problems arising in the physical/engineering sciences and other fields. Provides an introduction to efficient serial and parallel computing using Fortran 90, OpenMP, MPI, and Python, and software development tools such as version control, Makefiles, and debugging.	Computation and simulation are increasingly important in all aspects of     science and engineering. At the same time writing efficient computer programs     to take full advantage of current computers is becoming increasingly difficult.     Even laptops now have 4 or more processors, but using them all to solve     a single problem faster often requires rethinking the algorithm to introduce     parallelism, and then programming in a language that can express this parallelism.&nbsp;     Writing efficient programs also requires some knowledge of machine arithmetic,     computer architecture, and memory hierarchies. Although parallel computing will be covered, this is not a class     on the most advanced techniques for using supercomputers, which these days     have tens of thousands of processors and cost millions of dollars. Instead,     the goal is to teach tools that you can use immediately on your own laptop,     desktop, or a small cluster. Cloud computing will also be discussed, and     students who don't have a multiprocessor computer of their own will still     be able to do projects using Amazon Web Services at very low cost. Along the way there will also be discussion of software engineering tools     such as debuggers, unit testing, Makefiles, and the use of version control     systems. After all, your time is more valuable than computer time, and     a program that runs fast is totally useless if it produces the wrong results. High performance programming is also an important aspect of high     performance scientific computing, and so another main theme of the course     is the use of basic tools and techniques to improve your efficiency as     a computational scientist.
Case-Based Introduction to Biostatistics	Learn to frame and address health-related questions using modern biostatistics ideas and methods.	The course objective is to enable each student to enhance his or her quantitative scientific reasoning about problems related to human health. Biostatistics is about quantitative approaches - ideas and skills - to address bioscience and health problems. To achieve mastery of biostatistics skills, a student must “see one, do one, teach one.” Therefore, the course is organized to promote regular practice of new ideas and methods.  The course is organized into 3 self-contained two-week modules. Each module except the first is built around an important health problem.&nbsp;The first module reviews the scientific method and the role of experimentation and observation to generate data, or evidence, relevant to selecting among competing hypotheses about the natural world. Bayes theorem is used to quantify the concept of evidence. Then, we will discuss what is meant by the notion of “cause.” &nbsp; In the second module, we use a national survey dataset to estimate the costs of smoking and smoking-caused disease in American society. The concepts of point and interval estimation are introduced. Students will master the use of confidence intervals to draw inferences about population means and differences of means. They will use stratification and weighted averages to compare subgroups that are otherwise similar in an attempt to estimate the effects of smoking and smoking-caused diseases on medical expenditures. In the final module, we will study what factors influence child-survival in Nepal using data from the Nepal Nutritional Intervention Study Sarlahi or NNIPPS. Students will estimate and obtain confidence intervals for infant survival rates, relative rates and odds ratios within strata defined by gestational period, singleton vs twin births, and parental characteristics. 
Markets with Frictions	This course explores markets with frictions. The goal is to sharpen our economic reasoning, add a few twists that you are unlikely to have seen in other courses, and apply the methods to interesting phenomena. This should improve the way you think analytically about the economy, and help address interesting issues that come up in the world of business.	The classical economic theory of markets cannot account for some important     issues, such as the coexistence of unemployment and vacancies; credit market     rationing; or bubbles and crashes in asset prices. This course will explore     markets with frictions, shedding light on these issues and other fundamental     questions such as: What is a bank, why do we use money, and how do organizations     like firms or families emerge?            
Energy, the Environment, and Our Future	Get Rich and Save the Earth…Or Else!  Learn about the past, present, and possible futures of human energy use.	Join               internationally-acclaimed researcher and award-winning               educator Richard Alley in an exploration of the role of               energy in our environment and our future. Energy use has               done great good for humans by giving those in the               developed world the equivalent of 100 energy "serfs" to do               our bidding, making up roughly 10% of the economy, and               powering most of the economy.&nbsp; However, the unintended               consequences of energy use are affecting people around the               world and changing the climate in ways that will make life               much harder.&nbsp; Numerous options exist for development of a               sustainable energy system that provides a stronger               economy, more jobs, and greater security that is more               consistent with ethical principles.&nbsp; The course explores               these issues.               &nbsp;               “Energy, the Environment, and Our Future” will combine               student-centered instructional materials and film clips               from the PBS TV series&nbsp;Earth: The Operators' Manual, also               hosted by Richard Alley, to tell the history, present, and               possible futures of human energy use.&nbsp;                           
Epidemics - the Dynamics of Infectious Diseases	Malaria, HIV/AIDS, Influenza, Measles - we’re in a constant battle against infectious diseases. This is a course about the dynamics of such diseases  - how they emerge, how they spread around the globe, and how they can best be controlled.	Not so long ago, it was almost guaranteed that you would die of an infectious disease. In fact, had you been born just 150 years ago, your chances of dying of an infectious disease before you've reached the tender age of 5 would have been extremely high.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since then, science has come a long way in understanding infectious diseases - what they are, how they spread, and how they can be prevented. But diseases like HIV/AIDS, Malaria,&nbsp;Tuberculosis, or the flu are still major killers worldwide, and novel emerging diseases are a constant threat to public health. In addition, the bugs are evolving. Antibiotics, our most potent weapon against bacterial infections, are losing their power because the bacteria are becoming resistant. In this course, we'll explore the major themes of infectious diseases dynamics.After we’ve covered the basics,&nbsp;we'll be looking at the dynamics of the flu, and why we're worried about flu pandemics. We'll be looking at the dynamics of childhood diseases such as measles and whooping cough, which were once considered almost eradicated, but are now making a comeback. We'll explore Malaria, and use it as a case study of the evolution of drug resistance. We'll even be looking at social networks - how diseases can spread from you to your friends to your friends' friends, and so on. And of course we’ll be talking about vaccination too. We’ll also be talking about how mobile phones, social media and crowdsourcing are revolutionizing disease surveillance, giving rise to a new field of digital epidemiology.&nbsp;And yes, we will be talking about Zombies - not human zombies, but zombie ants whose brains are hijacked by an infectious fungus.&nbsp;And there's one more thing: during the course, we'll be running a massive online epidemic with you, the participants - virtually, of course. We're looking forward to having you join us for an exciting course!
The Holocaust	This course traces the destruction of the Jews and Jewish life in Europe by Nazi Germany, drawing on major works of history, literature, and film. The lectures outline the work of the Nazis as well as Jewish responses.	This course focuses on the destruction of Jews in Europe by Nazi Germany,     but the true scope of the course is much broader; exploring also the shifting     historical conditions from which the Holocaust emerged. Students will explore     memoirs, historical documents, poetry, documentary footage, filmic representations,     novels, and other media that help to illustrate the multiplicity and variety     of human experience during this important historical episode. By the end of the course, you will have an expanded knowledge and understanding     of Eastern and Western Jewish communities, the origins and development     of antisemitism, the formation and operation of concentration camps, the     resistance movements, and the Holocaust as a problem for world-history.     Additionally, you will have engaged with the problematics of representation,     memory, "the memorial", and witnessing.  This&nbsp;course is supported by the Neufeld-Levin Chair in Holocaust     studies. 
Human Evolution: Past and Future	Introduction to the science of human origins, the fossil and archaeological record, and genetic ancestry of living and ancient human populations. The course emphasizes the ways our evolution touches our lives, including health and diet, and explores how deep history may shape the future of our species.	This course covers our evolutionary history across more than seven million years, from our origins among the apes up to the biological changes that are still unfolding today. If you enroll, you'll encounter the evidence for the earliest members of our lineage, as they begin the long pathway to humanity. You'll see how scientists are learning about the diets of ancient people, using microscopic evidence and chemical signatures in ancient teeth. We will explore together the exciting fossil discoveries of the last ten years, which have shaken up our notions of the origin of human culture and our own genus.&nbsp;Genomics has fundamentally transformed the way we understand our evolution, in many ways opening the direct evidence of our history to anyone. The course will teach you how to look inside the genomes of humans, Neandertals and other ancient people.&nbsp;&nbsp;If you have used personal genomics to get your own genotypes, the course will guide you in connecting&nbsp;genetics&nbsp;to your ancestry among ancient humans.The course brings a special focus on the rapid evolutionary changes of the last 10,000 years. You'll learn about the consequences of our shift to agriculture, and the ways that people of industrialized nations are still changing today.&nbsp;At the end, we trek forward to anticipate what evolutionary changes may be in store for humanity in the future, using our knowledge of history and scientific understanding to inform our speculations.
Globalizing Higher Education and Research for the ‘Knowledge Economy’	This course is designed to examine an array of issues related to the globalization of higher education and research. The main objective of the course is to enable students to better understand how and why universities are engaged in the globalization process, as well as what the key implications of this development process are. 	Universities, and higher education systems worldwide, are being transformed     by new or changing practices, programs, policies, and agendas. From notions     of ‘global competency’ and the ‘global engineer,’ through to ever more     common perceptions that international collaborative research is a desirable     objective, through to the phenomena of bibliometrics, rankings and benchmarking     that work at a global scale, contexts are changing. This course is designed to help students better understand the complex     and rapidly changing nature of higher education and research in a globalizing     era. A complementary objective is to experiment with the MOOC platform     and assess how well it works to support international collaborative teaching     and service. We decided to participate in this initiative to engage in     some ‘learning while doing’ that will build on our experiences in international     collaborative research, advising, and teaching, as well as Kris’ experience     at UW-Madison with a relative new online course (Geography 340 – World     Regions in Global Context). Professors Olds and Robertson began collaborating via a Worldwide Universities     Network (WUN) exchange scheme in the mid-2000s. The University of Bristol     and University of Wisconsin-Madison are both members of the WUN. We very     much look forward to engaging with you about this topic.
Videogames and Learning	Videogames aren’t just fun, they can be powerful vehicles for learning as well. In this course, we discuss research on the kinds of thinking and learning that goes into videogames and gaming culture, benefits and drawbacks of digital gameplay, tensions between youth culture and traditional education, and new developments intended to bridge that growing divide.	Videogames are one of the fastest trending topics in media, education, and technology. Research across fields as disparate as science, literacy, history, visual processing, curriculum, and computer science suggests that videogames aren’t just fun – they can actually be good for your mind as well. In this course, we will discuss current research on the kinds of thinking and learning that goes into videogames and gaming culture. We’ll investigate the intellectual side of digital gameplay, covering topics that range from perception and attention in Left 4 Dead 2 to the development of historical understanding in Civilization to collaborative learning in massively multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft. Throughout the course, we examine the inherent tensions between contemporary youth culture and traditional education and new developments in games for learning that promise to help bridge that growing divide.
Startup Engineering	Learn the engineering skills needed to build a technology startup from the ground up.	 Spiritual sequel to Peter Thiel's CS183 course     on startups. Bridges the gap between academic computer science and production     software engineering. Fast-paced introduction to key tools and techniques     (command line, dotfiles, text editor, distributed version control, debugging,     testing, documentation, reading code, deployments), featuring guest appearances     by senior engineers from successful startups and large-scale academic projects.     Over the course of the class, students will build a command line application,     expose it as a web service, and then link other students' applications     and services together to build an HTML5 mobile app. General principles     are illustrated through modern Javascript and the latest web technologies,     including Node, Backbone, Coffeescript, Bootstrap, Git, and Github.&nbsp; 
TechniCity	We live in real-time, technologically enhanced cities. Explore the sweeping changes that our cities are undergoing as a result of networks, sensors, and communication technology.	We are part of the 'TechniCity'. The increasing availability of networks, sensors and mobile technologies allows for new approaches to address the challenges that our cities face. The way we understand cities is undergoing sweeping transformation, right along with the analytical tools we use to design our cities and the communication tools we use to engage people. Absorbing, studying and understanding the role of technology from a critical viewpoint allows us to generate creative ideas for improving our cities.&nbsp;  This course begins by examining how our cities are changing. We then jump into how technology is used to engage with the public to support decision-making. Students will be examining tools for analyzing the city. Then we move into exploring the infrastructure that makes the real-time, technologically-enhanced city possible. And rounding out the course is an exploration of entrepreneurial urbanism, looking at how creativity can spawn technological innovation. You'll hear from technological innovators and thought leaders about all of these topics. You can learn more as this course develops on&nbsp; Dr. Evans-Cowley’s blog
Introductory Physics I with Laboratory	Explore motion in the real world using modern tools and techniques (video capture and analysis, computer modeling) guided by fundamental physics principles.	     We will investigate motion in the world around us; we welcome both those         who want to participate fully and those who wish to sample, cafeteria-style,         the activities of this course. &nbsp;Those who participate fully will experience         a course that is very different in style but equivalent (at least) in core         content to a traditional, on-campus, first-semester college-level introductory         physics course that includes a laboratory. At the same time, those who         cherry-pick selected course elements (e.g., learning the basics of video         capture and analysis of motion in one’s own surroundings) will still advance         their understanding of physics. &nbsp;&nbsp;                   We aim to understand and to predict motion in the real world using a small         set of powerful fundamental principles. The laboratories are the backbone         of this course, providing opportunities (1) to observe and to analyze motion         in our own surroundings, (2) to apply fundamental principles to build explanations         of the motion, and (3) to evaluate, in a constructively critical way, our         own measurements and models, as well as the measurements and models of         our course peers. Other course elements (lecture videos with “clicker”         questions, homework) support and extend the physics explored in the laboratories.Participants     who satisfactorily complete the course will be eligible for six (6) Continuing     Education Units from the American Association of Physics Teachers.&nbsp;
Leading Strategic Innovation in Organizations	Improve your ability to manage creativity and to lead an innovation strategy in businesses, schools, hospitals, governments, and other complex organizations and institutions, by diagnosing likely innovation failures before they occur.	This course is intended to help you improve your ability to manage creativity, innovation and change in business, education, healthcare, government, and in any other complex organization or institution by diagnosing potential innovation failures before they can occur. Using an “innovation constraints” framework that draws on modern social science research and on insights from business practice, participants will learn how to best manage people (be they co-workers, bosses, customers, clients, friends or any other stakeholders) when innovation is the goal.&nbsp; While we see several examples of technological innovation, we are not focused on the management of technology.&nbsp; Instead, we focus on something much more powerful:&nbsp; understanding and managing the people engaged in creation, innovation and positive change, regardless of the context.   The course is designed to help you answer the following types of questions:  What are the conditions for successful      innovation?What causes innovation to fail?What makes creative people creative?How should I manage an innovative team?How do I lead an effective brainstorm process?What is an innovation portfolio and how can      I manage one?Why do so many great ideas get killed?  The approach in this class will be to treat innovation as the process of generating, assessing, and then implementing useful and valuable ideas.&nbsp; As we will discuss, generating ideas is relatively easy; what can be hard is getting those ideas listened to, accepted, and implemented in organizations.&nbsp; In addition to learning how to lead creative people and creative teams, participants will also learn techniques for improving their own creativity.&nbsp; During the course you will engage numerous activities and exercises intended to bring current habits of thought and behavior to the surface for examination and change.
Creative Programming for Digital Media & Mobile Apps	For anyone who would like to apply their technical skills to creative work ranging from video games to art installations to interactive music, and also for artists who would like to use programming in their artistic practice.	This course will teach you how to develop and apply programming skills to creative work. This is an important skill within the development of creative mobile applications, digital music and video games. It will teach technical skills needed to write software that make use of images, audio and graphics, and will concentrate on the&nbsp;application of these skills to creative projects.&nbsp;  Additional resources will be provided for students with no programming background.
Climate Literacy: Navigating Climate Change Conversations	Climate Literacy tackles the scientific and socio-political dimensions of climate change. This course introduces the basics of the climate system, models and predictions, human and natural impacts, mitigative and adaptive responses, and the evolution of climate policy.	This course explores the basic concepts and terms needed to understand     the science of climate change, and the available mitigation, adaptation     and policy options. By the end of the course, students will be able to: ·&nbsp; Tell the story of our climate, describing how interactions among     atmosphere, ocean, land, and life lead to climatic changes at all timescales ·&nbsp; Evaluate the likely effect of historical human fossil emissions     and land use changes on Earth’s energy balance and climate. ·&nbsp; Describe the direct observations of climate change in recent decades, and articulate the evidence attributing global     warming in this time period to human causes. ·&nbsp; Assess the utility - and limits - of climate models to predict     global and regional climate change. ·&nbsp; Articulate the demographic, economic, technological and political     factors that influence both humans’ impact on the climate and humans’ vulnerability     to climate change. ·&nbsp; Express an informed opinion on the scope and urgency of the efforts     needed to both mitigate and adapt to climate change. &nbsp;We provide the scientific basics of climate change paired with the     response options (mitigation and adaptation) and policy landscape. Focusing     exclusively on the science of climate change may not allow a nuanced understanding     of the social implications of this science.&nbsp; Similarly, political     or economic analyses of climate change frequently neglect the underlying     mechanics behind climate change thresholds, feedbacks, and the potential     for abrupt change. This course explores linkages between climate change     and other pressing priorities such as human health, poverty, community     livability, economic resilience, and other environmental problems (such     as biodiversity and water quality).&nbsp; We acknowledge the urgent need     to design innovative strategies that realize multiple objectives (or co-benefits)     simultaneously, and explore the particular capacity for sustainability     and climate change to provide an avenue for achieving these objectives.&nbsp;
Natural Language Processing	Have you ever wondered how to build a system that automatically translates between languages? Or a system that can understand natural language instructions from a human?  This class will cover the fundamentals of mathematical and computational models of language, and the application of these models to key problems in natural language processing.	Natural language processing (NLP) deals with the application of computational models to text or speech data. Application areas within NLP include automatic (machine) translation between languages; dialogue systems, which allow a human to interact with a machine using natural language; and information extraction, where the goal is to transform unstructured text into structured (database) representations that can be searched and browsed in flexible ways. NLP technologies are having a dramatic impact on the way people interact with computers, on the way people interact with each other through the use of language, and on the way people access the vast amount of linguistic data now in electronic form. From a scientific viewpoint, NLP involves fundamental questions of how to structure formal models (for example statistical models) of natural language phenomena, and of how to design algorithms that implement these models.  In this course you will study mathematical and computational models of language, and the application of these models to key problems in natural language processing. The course has a focus on machine learning methods, which are widely used in modern NLP systems: we will cover formalisms such as hidden Markov models, probabilistic context-free grammars, log-linear models, and statistical models for machine translation. The curriculum closely follows a course currently taught by Professor Collins at Columbia University, and previously taught at MIT.
Financial Engineering and Risk Management	This course is an introduction to the theory and practice of financial engineering and risk management. We consider the pricing of derivatives, portfolio optimization and risk management and cast a critical eye on how these are used in practice. We will also feature some interview modules with  Emanuel Derman .	Financial Engineering is a multidisciplinary field involving finance and economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering and&nbsp;computational methods.&nbsp;&nbsp;The emphasis of this course will be&nbsp;on the use of&nbsp;simple stochastic models and optimization for portfolio optimization, derivatives pricing&nbsp;and risk management.&nbsp;  Our examples will draw from many asset classes including equities, fixed income, credit, mortgage-backed securities&nbsp;and structured products. We will also consider the role that some of these asset classes played during the financial crisis. If time permits, we will also discuss other applications including real options, energy and&nbsp;commodities modeling, and&nbsp;algorithmic trading among others. We will also feature some interview modules with Emanuel Derman, the renowned ``quant'' and best-selling author of "My Life as a Quant".&nbsp;  We hope that students who complete the course will have a good understanding of the "rocket science" behind financial engineering. But perhaps more importantly, we hope they will also understand the limitations of this theory in practice and why financial models should always be treated with a healthy degree of&nbsp;skepticism.&nbsp; 
Linear and Discrete Optimization	The course is an introduction to linear and discrete optimization - an important part of computational mathematics with a wide range of applications in many areas of everyday life.	This  course serves as an introduction to linear and discrete  optimization from the viewpoint of a mathematician or computer  scientist.&nbsp; Besides learning how linear and discrete optimization can be applied, we focus on  understanding methods that solve linear programs and discrete optimization problems in a mathematically  rigorous way. We will answer&nbsp; questions like:Does a particular method work correctly?Does it terminate and, if yes, in what time?Can we prove that a solution is optimal?The  course starts by discussing what a linear program is and how linear programming can be  applied. Then, we will treat the simplex method and the theory of  duality. We will then discuss some combinatorial optimization problems like maximum weight bipartite matching and maximum flows.&nbsp;The  course constitutes about half of the material on linear and discrete optimization  that is taught for mathematics and computer science undergraduates at  EPFL and will feature video lectures, quizzes, programming assignments,  and a final exam. 
Introduction to Music Production	Learn about the music production process—including recording, editing, and mixing—and the tools available to you to create contemporary music on your computer. 	With the recent introduction of high-quality-low-cost software and hardware, the tools of music production are now available to the masses. Albums are made in bedrooms as well as studios. On the surface this is liberating. Anyone can make an album for the low cost of a couple pieces of gear and a software package. But, if you dig deeper, you will find that it is not so easy. Producing music requires knowledge, dedication, and creativity.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Knowledge is where this course comes in. No matter what kind of music you are making, there is a large set of tools that you will need to use.&nbsp; Each lesson of this course will demonstrate a different set of music production tools, loosely following along the music production process of recording, editing, and mixing. We will start with some background on the nature of sound and how we perceive it. We will then examine the components necessary to record audio into a computer, so that you understand the devices that sound must travel through in a music production process. &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Once recorded, sound must be organized along a timeline, a process known as editing. It allows us to give the impression of perfect performances and create many of the sounds we hear in contemporary music. The contemporary editing tool is the Digital Audio Workstation (DAW),&nbsp; a piece of software that stores and organizes all the assets of a musical project. We will focus on the editing tools that are essential in contemporary music production and that all DAWs provide. After editing, sounds must be combined or mixed together, so we look to the mixing board—a very creative place if you know how to use it. We will explore the basic functionality of both hardware and software mixing boards, including volume, pan, mute, solo, busses, inserts, sends, and submixes. The mixing process, however, includes more tools than the mixing board provides on its own. Sound must also be processed, modified from its recorded state to fit the context of the music. We will look at compression, equalization, and delay, and examine the many audio effects that are offshoots of these devices and how they are used in a musical context.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;We will then explore the synthesizer, a major tool within the production of contemporary music. Yes, great music can and will be created without the synthesizer, but learning how a synthesizer works will give you a language to describe sound. Music is a collaborative art form, so there is nothing more powerful than effective communication. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the end, the music production process relies on your creativity. Creativity is a product of the mind and will stay there, unexpressed, until the right tools are used in the right way to share it with the world. If you have an idea in your head, it will take numerous steps, each with an important tool, to reach your audience. You bring the dedication and creativity, and this course will bring you the knowledge to make that happen.
Property and Liability: An Introduction to Law and Economics	Think about the oldest and most familiar principles of American law, property and proportional liability, in a new and surprising way, and learn to apply economic reasoning to an especially important and interesting aspect of life. 	One of the most interesting and important developments in social science since 1970 has been the "discovery" of a consistent economic logic underlying the great common law subjects of property, contract, tort and crime, the thousand-year-old bedrock of the English and American legal systems. Property and contract provide the institutional scaffolding that makes free exchange in markets possible, while the liability systems of tort and crime appear to&nbsp;mimic market exchange in areas of human activity where free exchange itself, for well-defined reasons, is not possible. This course seeks to expose this underlying economic logic through the close investigation of a series of paradigmatic problems and examples in light of some simple but very powerful economic ideas. The course assumes no prior background in economics or law, and begins with an introduction to the basic concepts of property, exchange, efficiency and externality. On this foundation, specific topics in the law, including property, tort&nbsp;and crime, eminent domain, intellectual property and criminal procedure,&nbsp;are considered. Each group of lectures will elaborate on a different concrete problem or example to suggest the range of legal issues and questions&nbsp;to which economic reasoning can be productively applied. The ideas and modes of analysis developed in the course are not difficult or mysterious, but the questions of interpretation and policy that they raise about a subject&nbsp;that affects everyone&nbsp;are challenging and provocative. 
Songwriting	Learn an efficient, effective process for writing songs that express your ideas and emotions, including a range of tools that revolve around the concept of prosody—the matching of lyrics and music to support your underlying message. 	There’s a songwriter lurking somewhere inside you, peeking around corners, wondering if it’s safe to come out. Now it is. This course is an invitation to let your inner songwriter step into the sunlight. All it takes is a simple “yes” and you’ll be climbing that windy hill, marveling at the view.If you haven’t written any or many songs, this course will show you an efficient, effective process for tailoring songs to express your ideas and emotions. If you have, you’ll look at your process differently, taking control of aspects of the process you may have not noticed.The course will start by examining the tools available to you, all revolving around the essential concept of prosody. You’ll learn to use your tools to enhance your message—to work compositionally at the same time you’re developing your ideas.You’ll be working both lyrically and musically, though musically it’s not necessary that you either read music or play an instrument. If you play, great, and you’ll be encouraged to play and record your musical responses to the assignments. If you don’t play, the course offers you a number of musical loops to work with. All you’ll have to do is sing your melodies over the loops.Assignments will ask you to post something for peer review—sometimes lyric lines or sections, sometimes melodies, sometimes both. None of it has to be polished. The course is about writing, not performing.Most important, you’ll have a lot of fun.
Ser más creativos	Todos podemos potenciar nuestra creatividad a través de procedimientos, rutinas y protocolos sencillos. En este curso desarrollaremos estos conocimientos y habilidades a través de retos que activan nuestros talentos para encontrar soluciones originales.	En este curso totalmente en español&nbsp;exploraremos qué es y cómo se desarrolla la creatividad.&nbsp;A partir de problemas y&nbsp;retos de diseño estaremos generando ideas, representaciones, productos y servicios. Aplicaremos activamente las diferentes estrategias estudiadas en el curso. Esto nos llevará a presentar ante los compañeros una variedad de creaciones o mejoras a objetos, conceptos o servicios ya existentes.&nbsp;Aprenderemos a analizarlas&nbsp;para identificar el nivel de innovación, utilidad y viabilidad de las soluciones propuestas, en un ejercicio que resulta, por sí mismo, muy enriquecedor y&nbsp;creativo. Empezamos a conocernos desde ahora en www.facebook.com/muycreativos 
Image and video processing: From Mars to Hollywood with a stop at the hospital	In this class you will look behind the scenes of image and video processing, from the basic and classical tools to the most modern and advanced algorithms.	What is image and video processing? Images and videos are everywhere, from those we take with our mobile devices and share with our friends to those that we receive from Mars and the ones we see in the movie theatre, without forgetting the whole ensemble of images of our bodies that are taken in hospital visits. Image and video processing is the art of working with such images and movies, from making it possible to store and transmit them to making those dark and blurry images look nice, as well as interpreting and analyzing the medical data and recognizing our friends’ faces in social pictures. This discipline is also fascinating because it uses tools from many areas of applied mathematics. In this class you will look behind the scenes of image and video processing, from the basic and classical tools to the most modern and advanced algorithms. The course will start with an introduction to the basics of image formation and the fundamental concepts that translate a physical scene into a digital image. We will then describe the underlying concepts of image compression, the enabling technology that makes it possible for images to be sent from Mars and videos to be stored in our mobile phones. We will cover the most fundamental tools in image enhancement, showing how simple tools can significantly improve images. Both geometric and non-geometric tools as well as spatial and non-spatial operations will be presented. Details on image segmentation will be provided, one of the most fundamental and useful problems in image processing. The above topics will be extended to color images and video. Once we have covered the fundamentals, which both provide the basis for modern image and video processing and serve many important applications until today, we will move into recent progress in the area, covering image inpainting (how to remove objects from images and video), image processing via sparse modeling and compressed sensing, geometric partial differential equations for image analysis, image processing for HIV and virus research, and image processing for neurosurgery and other medical applications.
Grow to Greatness: Smart Growth for Private Businesses, Part II	This course focuses on the common human resource ("people") challenges faced by existing private businesses when they attempt to grow substantially. PART 1 OF THE GROW TO GREATNESS COURSE IS NOT A PREREQUISITE FOR TAKING THIS COURSE.	Most entrepreneurship courses focus on how to start a business. Few focus     on the next big entrepreneurial inflection point: how do you successfully     grow an existing private business? This is the focus of this Course. It     is based on the instructor's research and thirty years of real-world experience     advising private growth companies. &nbsp; This Course will focus on the common “people” challenges private growth     companies face as they grow. You will study stories of how six different     private businesses faced their growth challenges. &nbsp; While strategic focus and operational excellence are necessary to build     a great growth company, they are not sufficient. Growth requires the right     kind of leadership, culture, and people. My research clearly showed that     many entrepreneurs struggle with personal challenges presented to them     by growth, as well as the challenge of hiring the right people and building     the right management team that can play well together. The research shows     that every growth business faces common challenges. You can learn from     others' experience—you do not have to "reinvent the wheel". &nbsp; The Course format is story based. Each case tells a compelling story.     You will learn from Barbara Lynch, Ryan Dienst, Steve Ritter, Randy Bufford,     John Gabbert, and Mike Cote. In addition, each week, we will discuss a     different content theme. In Week 3, you will engage in a Workshop where     you will be asked to apply the Growth System Assessment Tool. You will     have the opportunity to create a Course Community of fellow students to     learn from each other as the Course progresses. &nbsp; You will learn how entrepreneurs must grow, too; the “secret” of high     performance; people-centric leadership; how to create high employee engagement;     how to create an internal Growth System; and how to build a senior management     team.
Writing in the Sciences	This course teaches scientists to become more effective writers, using practical examples and exercises. Topics include: principles of good writing, tricks for writing faster and with less anxiety, the format of a scientific manuscript, and issues in publication and peer review.	This course trains scientists to become more effective, efficient, and confident writers. This is a hands-on course that emphasizes interactive examples and practice. In the first four weeks, we will review principles of effective writing, examples of good and bad writing, and tips for making the writing process easier. In the second four weeks, we will examine issues specific to scientific writing, including: authorship, peer review, the format of an original manuscript, and communicating science for lay audiences. Students will complete editing exercises, write two short papers, and edit each others’ work.&nbsp;The primary audience is undergraduate science majors, graduate students in scientific disciplines, and professional scientists. Students from non-science disciplines can also benefit from the training provided in the first four weeks (on general principles of effective writing).
Foundations of Teaching for Learning 4: Curriculum	Curriculum is a framework for guiding teaching and learning. This course provides an opportunity for you to consider the relationship between the teacher, the learner and the curriculum. 	In this course you will learn how to use a curriculum to develop meaningful learning activities for each of your students. It will also help you to make better bridges between learning in and out of school and create more effective approaches to home-based learning activities.This course is part of the Foundations of Teaching for Learning program which is designed to assist people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education improve their understanding of their role and work as a teacher.&nbsp;&nbsp;This set of courses will enhance your knowledge and understanding about learning and teaching and what makes a teacher a professional. &nbsp;  Practical activities are provided to assist you in using what you have learned to improve your teaching practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;While these are optional, it is strongly recommended that you undertake them if at all possible.  Of particular importance is a guide to the development of a portfolio to help you organize and document your thinking about what you have learned. In addition, you may be able to use the portfolio to access other opportunities in the future.
Diabetes - a Global Challenge	Diabetes is a growing health problem in rich and poor countries alike. With this course you will get updated on cutting-edge diabetes research including biological, genetic and clinical aspects as well as prevention and epidemiology of diabetes. All provided by high-profile scientists from one the world's leading universities in diabetes research.	Obesity is a common disorder, and in the United States and many other western countries more than half of the populations are overweight or obese. The prevalence is increasing dramatically, and the number of obese individuals worldwide is now projected to reach as much as 1.1 billion by 2030. Along with the increasing numbers of obese people, the prevalence of type-2 diabetes is increasing tremendously worldwide due to the westernized lifestyle. However, the sensitivity of the individual to a westernized lifestyle and development of diabetes appears to be much dependent on his or her genetic risk factors.  As diabetes is associated with a high rate of morbidity and mortality, and thereby accounts for a large part of the public health care expenses, there is a great interest in diabetes research to improve knowledge, prevention and treatment of diabetes.This diabetes course will give you the newest state of the art updates on diabetes research in the fields of clinical aspects of diabetes and regulation of insulin secretion, epidemiology of diabetes, heritability of diabetes, genetic aspects of diabetes, prevention of diabetes and insulin resistance, molecular insulin resistance, cellular aspects of diabetes, physiological regulation of blood glucose, type 1 diabetes and stem cell research in diabetes.  Each section will be covered by world leading professors (to be announced) in the specific areas.
Constitutional Struggles in the Muslim World	Learn what motivates the restive Muslim youth from Cairo to Tehran, what political positions Islamists from Mali to Chechnya are fighting for, where the seeming obsession with Islamic law comes from, where the secularists have vanished to, and whether it makes sense to speak of an Islamic state.	Since 2009 there has been a renewed wave of popular unrest sweeping throughout much of the Muslim world. Secular, but generally repressive and inefficient autocracies have come under pressure or been swept aside entirely. At the same, the various Islamic Republics have not fared much better, but been convulsed by internal unrest, economic and social decline. Throughout the Muslim lands, existing constitutional arrangements are being challenged, often very violently.   This course is a survey of the constitutional ideas and institutions that have developed since the mid 19th century throughout predominantly Muslim countries, but its focus will lie on the actors that have dominated this discourse and shaped its outcomes. We will look at the large body of classical writings on the Islamic state only in so far as it is necessary to understand the contemporary debate, but concentrate on the legal and political developments of the 20th and 21st centuries.Three common themes will characterise the course:&nbsp;We privilege the study of the legal and social reality and seek to highlight where it is at odds with dogmatic stipulations, be they religious or constitutional.&nbsp;We seek to illustrate the practical tensions posed by limited administrative capabilities and political legitimacy that resulted from the incomplete reception of modern bureaucratic statehood.&nbsp;We seek to examine how popular dissatisfaction with the practical performance of Muslim governments has fuelled demands for greater accountability under the guise of cultural authenticity.&nbsp;Ultimately, the course aims to equip participants to better understand Muslim contemporary discourse about the res publica, better contextualise the demands for religious law in public life, and to better ascertain the theoretical and practical feasibility of postulated religious alternatives to the still-dominant secular model of governance.
Networks: Friends, Money, and Bytes	A course driven by 20 practical questions about wireless, web, and the Internet, about how products from companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Netflix, Amazon, Ericsson, HP, Skype and AT&T work.	You pick up your iPhone while waiting in line at a coffee shop. You google a not-so-famous actor, get linked to a Wikipedia entry listing his recent movies and popular YouTube clips of several of them. You check out user reviews on Amazon and pick one, download that movie on BitTorrent or stream that in Netflix. But suddenly the WiFi logo on your phone is gone and you're on 3G. Video quality starts to degrade, but you don't know if it's the server getting crowded or the Internet is congested somewhere. In any case, it costs you $10 per Gigabyte, and you decide to stop watching the movie, and instead multitask between sending tweets and calling your friend on Skype, while songs stream from iCloud to your phone. You're happy with the call quality, but get a little irritated when you see there're no new followers on Twitter. You may wonder how they all kind of work, and why sometimes they don't. Take a look at the list of 20 questions below. Each question is selected not just for its relevance to our daily lives, but also for the core concepts in the field of networking illustrated by its answers. This course is about formulating and answering these 20 questions.New feature:&nbsp;This course will launch the Grand Challenge Homework (GCH) program. Throughout the course, there will be about 10 open-ended, project-like challenges (in social and technological network engineering) provided to all the enrolled students. Associated with GCH is a Industry and Investor Partners (IIP) program. About 10 leading US companies and venture capitalists in the networking industry have agreed to screen the finalists selected by the teaching staff, and then explore opportunities with the selected students to turn their ideas and prototypes into new products and companies. You pour your creativity and energy in this course, we will help create career-changing opportunities for you.&nbsp;The IIP companies associated with this course range from the world-renowned Bell Labs to a startup founded by the father of DSL, and from Silicon Valley VC's like USVP to university-spinoff specialist firms like Osage Partners.
Experimental Genome Science	Each of our cells contains nearly identical copies of our genome, which provides instructions that allow us to develop and function. This course serves as an introduction to the main laboratory and theoretical aspects of genomics and is divided into themes: genomes, genetics, functional genomics, systems biology, single cell approaches, proteomics, and applications.	Each of our cells contains nearly identical copies of our genome, which provides instructions that allow us to develop and function. The field of Genomics focuses on the structure and function of genomes and plays a major and increasing role in both medicine and research. This course serves as an introduction to the main laboratory and theoretical aspects of genomics and is divided into themes: genomes, genetics, functional genomics, systems biology, single cell approaches, proteomics, and applications. We start with the basics, DNA sequencing and the genome project, then move to high throughput sequencing methods and applications. Next we introduce principles of genetics and then apply them in clinical genetics and other large-scale sequencing projects. In the functional genomics unit, we start with RNA expression dynamics, analysis of alternative splicing, epigenomics and ChIP-seq, and metagenomics. Model organisms and forward and reverse genetics screens are then discussed, along with quantitative trait locus (QTL) and eQTL analysis. After that, we introduce integrative and single cell genomics approaches and systems biology. Finally, we conclude by introducing in applying proteomic approaches.
A History of the World since 1300	This course will examine the ways in which the world has grown more integrated yet more divided over the past 700 years.	This course explores the history of the modern world since Chinggis Khan. It focuses on the connections between societies from the time of the Mongol conquests and the gradual, but accelerating ways in which connections became ties of inter-dependence. The relations between societies are what will concern us. The forces pulling the world together vary from religious to economic, political to intellectual. These forces bring the world together, but they also create new divisions. Nowadays, we call this "globalization." That term has tended to emphasize the drive to worldwide integration; the view of globalization taken in this course emphasizes disintegration as well as integration. We will tackle some very basic questions: How do we explain the staggering wealth of China in the centuries up to 1750, as well as China's recent ascent? Where did the United States come from, and where is it headed? What are the significance and legacies of empire in the world? How have world wars and revolutions shaped the international system over time? What exactly is globalization, and how does today's globalization compare with the past? How has the relationship between humans and nature changed over the centuries?
Internet History, Technology, and Security	What is the Internet? How was it created? How does it work?	The impact of technology and networks on our lives, culture, and society continues to increase. The very fact that you can take this course from anywhere in the world requires a technological infrastructure that was designed, engineered, and built over the past sixty years. To function in an information-centric world, we need to understand the workings of network technology. This course will open up the Internet and show you how it was created, who created it and how it works. Along the way we will meet many of the innovators who developed the Internet and Web technologies that we use today.  What You Will Learn After this course you will not take the Internet and Web for granted. You will be better informed about important technological issues currently facing society. You will realize that the Internet and Web are spaces for innovation and you will get a better understanding of how you might fit into that innovation. If you get excited about the material in this course, it is a great lead-in to taking a course in Web design, Web development, programming, or even network administration. At a minimum, you will be a much wiser network citizen.
Computer Vision: From 3D Reconstruction to Visual Recognition	This course delivers a systematic overview of computer vision, emphasizing two key issues in modeling vision: space and meaning. We will study the fundamental theories and important algorithms of computer vision together, starting from the analysis of 2D images, and culminating in the holistic understanding of a 3D scene.	When a 3-dimensional world is projected onto a 2-dimensional image, such as the human retina or a photograph, reconstructing back the layout and contents of the real-world becomes an ill-posed problem that is extremely difficult to solve. Humans possess the remarkable ability to navigate and understand the visual world by solving the inversion problem going from 2D to 3D. Computer Vision, a modern discipline of artificial intelligence, seeks to imitate such abilities of humans to recognize objects, navigate scenes, reconstruct layouts, and understand the geometric space and semantic meaning of the visual world. These abilities are critical in many applications including personal robotics, autonomous driving and exploration as well as photo organization, image or video retrieval and human-computer interaction.&nbsp; This course delivers a systematic overview of computer vision, comparable to an advanced graduate level class. We emphasize on two key issues in modeling vision: space and meaning. We begin by laying out the main problems vision needs to solve: mapping out the 3D structure of objects and scenes, recognizing objects, segmenting objects, recognizing meaning of scenes, understanding movements of humans, etc. Motivated by these important problems centered on the understanding of space and meaning, we will study the fundamental theories and important algorithms of computer vision together, starting from the analysis of 2D images, and culminating in the holistic understanding of a 3D scene
Introduction to Finance	This course will introduce you to frameworks and tools to measure value; both for corporate and personal assets. It will also help you in decision-making, again at both the corporate and personal levels.	This course is primarily devoted to the fundamental principles of valuation. We will learn and apply the concepts of time value of money and risk to understand the major determinants of value creation. We will use both theory and real world examples to demonstrate how to value any asset. 
Fantasy and Science Fiction: The Human Mind, Our Modern World	We understand the world — and our selves — through stories. Then some of those hopes and fears become the world.	Fantasy is a key term both in psychology and in the art and artifice of humanity. The things we make, including our stories, reflect, serve, and often shape our needs and desires. We see this everywhere from fairy tale to kiddie lit to myth; from "Cinderella" to Alice in Wonderland to Superman; from building a fort as a child to building ideal, planned cities as whole societies. Fantasy in ways both entertaining and practical serves our persistent needs and desires and illuminates the human mind. Fantasy expresses itself in many ways, from the comfort we feel in the godlike powers of a fairy godmother to the seductive unease we feel confronting Dracula. From a practical viewpoint, of all the fictional forms that fantasy takes, science fiction, from Frankenstein to Avatar, is the most important in our modern world because it is the only kind that explicitly recognizes the profound ways in which science and technology, those key products of the human mind, shape not only our world but our very hopes and fears. This course will explore Fantasy in general and Science Fiction in specific both as art and as insights into ourselves and our world.    Work Expectations For further information about the coursework, please see the  Work Expectations page.
Common Core in Action: Literacy Across Content Areas	Learn how to apply some of the tools from the Literacy Design Collaborative to incorporate Common Core literacy strategies into your content area.  In this course you will implement a template task and examine student work according to the LDC writing rubric.	The Common Core State Standards are new and will challenge our students to show evidence of learning in new ways.&nbsp; Instructional shifts are required, especially for teachers who must now incorporate literacy into content areas. Integrating the literacy standards can be difficult to do well. In this course you will have the support of a community and harness the power of collaboration exchanging ideas with colleagues, as you integrate the teaching of reading and writing strategies into your content area curriculum.You will use a template task from the Literacy Design Collaborative (LDC) to incorporate literacy into your content area. These template tasks are a part of a much more in-depth LDC Module design and will serve to introduce you to the model and process&nbsp; 
Comic Books and Graphic Novels	Comic books have arrived! "Comic Books and Graphic Novels" presents a survey of the comic book canon and of the major graphic novels in circulation today. Its governing question is simple: by what terms can we discuss comic books as literary art? In pursuit of that question it develops a theory of literary reading and time itself.  Visit us at www.facebook.com/UCBComics	The comic book pamphlet developed as an independent literary form in the 1930s and early 1940s and has been a favorite of adolescent enthusiasts and cult devotees ever since. Recently, it has entered into a process of transformation, moving from a species of pulp fiction on the margins of children’s literature to an autonomous genre, one Will Eisner labeled the graphic novel. This transformation has been noted in such literary venues as the New York Times and the New Yorker, as well as in an increasing number of university classrooms and bookstore shelves.  “Comic books and Graphic Novels” presents a survey of the history of American comics and a review of major graphic novels circulating in the U. S. today. It is focused on three main points. First, it argues that as comics develop in concert with, and participate in literary culture, they should be considered literature. Second, it reasons that such a designation forces us to redefine our concept of literature itself. Finally, it explore this transformative literary world by arguing that comics have much to teach us about ourselves. 
Content Strategy for Professionals: Engaging Audiences for Your Organization	This professional Content Strategy MOOC is for people anywhere in an organization who have content development experience and now want to significantly improve their abilities to understand audiences and develop strategic words, pictures, graphics, and videos to convey their organization’s most important goals.	Why Content Strategy is essential for professionals in any organization&nbsp;–&nbsp;business, non-profit, or government.  Content Strategy is a conversation that provides thought-leadership. It starts a “conversation” with users and stakeholders inside and outside an organization.&nbsp; Conversations are the natural way people think about complex issues. Conversations also enable people to develop “stories,” which lead to understanding and helpful mental pictures. Content Strategy practitioners are at all levels of the best enterprises – in all departments and sectors from the top leader to the newcomer in the ranks.  In this complex information age, forward-thinking employees know that if they and their organizations are to thrive, they need to go beyond their job descriptions. They must master the most demanding communications frontier – creating engaging, strategic, honest stories and information that is valued by their most important audiences. In turn that will make their enterprise stand out.  Regardless of their department, area of work, or expertise, Content Strategy practitioners know how to use words, pictures, video, and social and mobile media to interact with their most important constituents with trustable, actionable information that the audience values and will use. The strategic content they produce enhances the audience’s lives and&nbsp;deepens their understanding and engagement with the organization.  Content Strategy is similar to the best examples of journalism, but it is done by non-journalism organizations. Content Strategy is always honest, trustable, and transparent. It tells all sides of every story it reports. Often it is also deeper and directed at topics and audiences that traditional journalism under-serves or does not reach at all. Content Strategy is not advertising, marketing, or public relations. It is different because it never pursues the persuasive goals that are appropriate in those disciplines. 
Physics 1 for Physical Science Majors	Coming in Fall 2013: This is the first semester of a 2-semester introductory physics sequence taught at the University of Colorado at Boulder. The course is intended for physical science majors and others desiring a rigorous introduction to physics. The course covers classical mechanics, including kinematics, dynamics, conservation laws, and applications.	This course is a rigorous introduction to classical mechanics, which is the study of forces and motion.&nbsp; How does gravity control the motion of the planets around the sun or the motion of a projectile fired from a cannon?&nbsp; Why does a spinning skater spin faster when she pulls her arms in? &nbsp;Why is a perpetual motion machine impossible? These are the kinds of questions which can be answered with classical mechanics, which was first formulated by Isaac Newton around 1666. Classical, or Newtonian Mechanics is the oldest branch of physics, but it will never go out of style.&nbsp; It remains the foundation of our understanding of the physical world and is constantly used by engineers and scientists. There is a space probe, called New Horizons, that is on its way to Pluto right now, and it will arrive on July 14, 2015, exactly on time and on target, because its path has been computed using classical mechanics, and nothing more.
Introduction to Environmental Law and Policy	Interested in learning about how the law analyzes issues and resolves disputes involving pollution, natural resources, endangered species, environmental justice, and sustainable development?  Professor Hornstein will guide you through these issues, and more, in this course.	This course introduces the major substantive themes in environmental law and gives students insight and experience with critical thinking about these themes.&nbsp; Students will demonstrate mastery by learning how past environmental disputes have been resolved, and by applying insights and critical-thinking skills from past disputes to predicting how future ones might be addressed, including future disputes involving climate change.      
Fundamentals of Digital Image and Video Processing	In this class you will learn the basic principles and tools used to process images and videos, and how to apply them in solving practical problems of commercial and scientific interests.  	Digital images and videos are everywhere these days – in thousands of scientific (e.g., astronomical, bio-medical), consumer, industrial, and artistic applications. Moreover they come in a wide range of the electromagnetic spectrum - from visible light and infrared to gamma rays and beyond. The ability to process image and video signals is therefore an incredibly important skill to master for engineering/science students, software developers, and practicing scientists.&nbsp;&nbsp; Digital image and video processing continues to enable the multimedia technology revolution we are experiencing today. Some important examples of image and video processing include the removal of degradations images suffer during acquisition (e.g., removing blur from a picture of a fast moving car), and the compression and transmission of images and videos (if you watch videos online, or share photos via a social media website, you use this everyday!), for economical storage and efficient transmission.&nbsp;  This course will cover the fundamentals of image and video processing.&nbsp; We will provide a mathematical framework to describe and analyze images and videos as two- and three-dimensional signals in the spatial, spatio-temporal, and frequency domains. In this class not only will you learn the theory behind fundamental processing tasks including image/video enhancement, recovery, and compression - but you will also learn how to perform these key processing tasks in practice using state-of-the-art techniques and tools. We will introduce and use a wide variety of such tools – from optimization toolboxes to statistical techniques. Emphasis on the special role sparsity plays in modern image and video processing will also be given.&nbsp; In all cases, example images and videos pertaining to specific application domains will be utilized.
The Diversity of Exoplanets	The course will provide an overview of the knowledge acquired during the past 20 years in the domain of exoplanets. It will review the different detection methods, their limitations, and the information provided on the orbital system and the planet itself, and how this information is helping our understanding of planet formation.	The discovery of extra-solar planets orbiting other stars has been one of the major breakthroughs in astronomy of the past decades, changing our view on the formation of planetary systems, mainly drawn from the observation of the Solar System.&nbsp;Today, over 860 exoplanets are known and the Kepler satellite has recently identified over 2700 additional candidates, most of them awaiting for confirmation. We have learned that exoplanets are extremely common objects in the Universe and&nbsp;that planetary systems are much more diverse than originally predicted. Our knowledge about exoplanets has dramatically increased thanks to the systematic monitoring of stars in the solar&nbsp;neighborhood by radial velocities, photometry, microlensing,&nbsp;and recently direct imaging, bringing valuable constraints to planet formation theories,&nbsp;as well as to models of planet interior structure, and atmosphere physics. In this course, we will review the main discoveries, describing the different approaches to detect exoplanets and&nbsp;characterise&nbsp;their orbital and physical properties.
From the Big Bang to Dark Energy	This course will cover the various topics on the discoveries about how the Universe evolved in 13.7 billion years since the Big Bang. 	We have learned a lot recently about how the Universe evolved in 13.7  billion years since the Big Bang. &nbsp;More than 80% of matter in the  Universe is mysterious Dark Matter, which made stars and galaxies to  form. &nbsp;The newly discovered Higgs-boson became frozen into the Universe a  trillionth of a second after the Big Bang and brought order to the  Universe. &nbsp;Yet we still do not know how ordinary matter (atoms) survived  against total annihilation by Anti-Matter. &nbsp;The expansion of the  Universe started acceleration about 7 billion years ago and the Universe is  being ripped apart. &nbsp;The culprit is Dark Energy, a mysterious energy  multiplying in vacuum. &nbsp;I will present evidence behind these startling  discoveries and discuss what we may learn in the near future.
Conditions of War and Peace	This course aims to nail down some of the basic issues that had been argued in the current research on peace and security. 	Discourse on war and peace has gone through a remarkable transition during     the two decades after the end of the Cold War. We do not have to worry     of major nuclear wars, and then, no longer can we anticipate stability     based on nuclear deterrence. We have no immediate threat emanating from     a belligerent adversary equipped with a major arsenal, but we observe a     number of small to medium military powers that are more belligerent than     the days of the Soviet Union. We have more democracies in the world, and     yet are far from the democratic peace that has been imagined by the students     of international relations. This course aims to nail down some of the basic issues that had been argued     in the current research on peace and security. The questions are all deceptively     simple enough, but then the answers will all be ambiguous at best. It is     my hope that you will be able to provide better answers than those given     in the course by developing your own analytical capacity.
Linear and Integer Programming	This course will cover the very basic ideas in optimization. Topics include the basic theory and algorithms behind linear and integer linear programming along with some of the important applications. We will also explore the theory of convex polyhedra using linear programming. 	Linear Programming (LP) is &nbsp;arguably one of the most important optimization problems in applied mathematics and engineering. The Simplex algorithm to solve linear programs is widely regarded as one among the &nbsp;"&nbsp;top ten&nbsp;"&nbsp;algorithms of the 20th century. &nbsp;Linear Programs arise in almost all fields of engineering including operations research, statistics, machine learning, control system design, scheduling, formal verification&nbsp;and computer vision. It forms the basis for numerous approaches to solving hard combinatorial optimization problems through randomization and approximation.The primary goals of this course&nbsp;will be1. Understand the basic theory behind LP, algorithms to solve LPs, and basics of (mixed) integer programs.2. Understand important and emerging applications of LP to economic problems (optimal resource allocation, scheduling problems), machine learning (SVM), control design (finite horizon optimal control, dynamic programming), and formal verification (ranking functions, symbolic execution, SMT solvers).At the end of the course, the successful student will be able to cast various problems that may arise in her research as optimization problems, understand the cases where the optimization problem will be linear, choose appropriate solution methods and interpret results appropriately. This is generally considered a useful ability in many research areas.
Critical Perspectives on Management	Innovative management and inspired leadership need more than rules and knowledge: imagination, creativity and lateral thinking are also integral. This class offers students the opportunity  to consider different ways to ask questions, ponder problems, discover opportunities and explore key concepts that inform the contemporary practice of management.   	Designed for students who are thinking of a career in management or consulting, this course brings the methodology and critical apparatus of the humanities into the field of management to fulfill two basic objectives. The first objective is to place in broad critical perspective how we think about the function and culture of management and to expand the boundaries of how managers understand their role within a firm, how they take decisions, set priorities and benchmark success and failure. The second objective is to help students learn how to build robust analytical frameworks informed by different perspectives in order to evaluate concepts and solve problems.  The course draws upon diverse material, ranging from history to economics, to encourage students to think about management beyond its traditional confines. Topics include the function of the firm, the role of incentive, the ways in which narrative forces shape decision making, and how market relationships define the managerial culture in ways that can lead to sub-optimal outcomes.
Bioinformatics Algorithms (Part 1) 	This course will cover some of the common algorithms underlying the following fundamental topics in bioinformatics: assembling genomes, comparing DNA and protein sequences, predicting genes, finding regulatory motifs, analyzing gene expression, constructing evolutionary trees, analyzing genome rearrangements, and identifying proteins.	The sequencing of the&nbsp;human genome a decade ago began a computational revolution     in biology, which&nbsp;has arguably been an impetus for more new&nbsp;algorithms     than any other fundamental realm of&nbsp;science.&nbsp; The newly formed&nbsp;links     between computer science and biology affect the way we teach computational     ideas to biologists, as well as how applied algorithms are taught to computer     scientists.&nbsp; Genome sequencing is just one of hundreds of biological problems that     have become inextricable from the computational methods required to solve     them. In this course, we will take a look at some of the algorithmic ideas     that are&nbsp;fundamental to an&nbsp;understanding of modern biology.&nbsp;     Computational concepts like dynamic programming and network analysis will     help us explore algorithms applied to&nbsp;a wide range of biological topics,     from finding genes to reconstructing the tree of life.&nbsp; Throughout     the process, we will apply&nbsp;real bioinformatics algorithms to&nbsp;real genetic     data. In order to streamline homework assignments and solidify the material     covered in the course, we will employ Rosalind,     a fun new resource for learning bioinformatics that was&nbsp;founded by     the instructors. &nbsp;We hope that Rosalind&nbsp;will&nbsp;show you&nbsp;how     fun solving problems in&nbsp;bioinformatics can be.
Latin American Culture	This course seeks to interest students in the Latin American culture by studying it from multiple perspectives.	This course will develop students’ abilities to understand Latin American culture at both the national and regional levels. Students will analyze the social, economic, political, and cultural development of the region by applying modern critical thinking to the understood history of the individual Latin American countries. At the same time, students will study the contributions of different cultural and ethnic groups that exist within these countries, in order to understand fully the social complexity of what we call “Latin America”. Lastly, students will evaluate the developmental needs of Latin American countries and propose possible solutions in which individuals can act as a force for change.Throughout the course, students will develop abilities such as: independent thinking and learning, analytical skills, and the ability to synthesize, and evaluate. The final part of the course will help develop critical thinking and problem solving skills. After completing this course, students will gain a better awareness of Latin American reality and needs.
How Green Is That Product? An Introduction to Environmental Life Cycle Assessment	In this course you will learn the basics of the life-cycle assessment (LCA) method for holistic environmental analysis of products, technologies, and systems. LCA sheds light on the environmental implications of the consumption and behavioral choices we all make on a daily basis.	Paper or plastic?&nbsp; Hybrid or conventional vehicles?&nbsp; Which is better for the environment?&nbsp; To answer these questions, one must take a holistic systems view using a quantitative approach known as life cycle assessment.  Life cycle assessment (LCA) is a fundamental method for assessing the environmental impacts of products and technologies from a "cradle to grave" systems perspective.&nbsp; It is an essential tool for anyone who performs environmental analyses or uses the results of such analyses for decision making.&nbsp;  The course will provide an introduction to LCA methods and applications.&nbsp; Students taking this course will emerge with a solid understanding of why an LCA systems perspective is important, basic skills for sound application of the LCA method and proper interpretation of its results, and an appreciation for the strengths and limitations of LCA in practice.&nbsp; The course will cover the four major steps in LCA: (1) goal definition and scope; (2) life-cycle inventory compilation; (3) life-cycle impact assessment; and (4) interpretation and management.&nbsp; The course will include a hands-on modeling project, which the students will perform in parallel to the lectures to reinforce learning objectives and to gain experience in LCA application. 
Understanding Media by Understanding Google	Few people who “just Google it” to find an answer to their every question understand just what the company does (and why). Through this course, you'll join the minority that really gets it.	Google Inc. is one of the key success stories of the Internet era. The     company has expanded beyond its original search business through innovation     and acquisition to touch the lives of nearly every person who lives life     online. Americans spend more than 3,400 hours per year using consumer media,     the field where Google’s impact is most profound, and increasingly must     understand what the&nbsp;company has wrought&nbsp;not only to control our     offline and online environments, but also to interact and engage successfully     with anyone in&nbsp;our&nbsp;professional and personal lives. You will learn how to understand the tactics that modern media companies,     journalists, marketers, politicians, technologists, and social networks     are using to reach you and affect your behavior. You will learn how to     adopt strategies that put them on an even footing with these entities in     achieving your own communications goals. We'll&nbsp;      think about, react to, and write about half a dozen important books about         Google;&nbsp;     read a sampling of newspaper and magazine reportage from Google’s entire         history;     monitor news sites and specialized blogs about the company and its competitors;     take note of our&nbsp;own usage of Google and other online resources;         and     learn how to anticipate the future impact of the company and its competitors         on information consumption, creation, and distribution.&nbsp; 
Introduction to Power Electronics	The course is an introduction to switched-mode power converters. It provides a basic knowledge of circuitry for the control and conversion of electrical power with high efficiency. 	The course is an introduction to switched-mode power converters. It provides a basic knowledge of circuitry for the control and conversion of electrical power with high efficiency. These converters can change and regulate the voltage, current, or power; dc-dc converters, ac-dc rectifiers, dc-ac inverters, and ac-ac cycloconverters are in common use. Applications include electronic power supplies, aerospace and vehicular power systems, and renewable energy systems.
Continuidad y desarrollo de la empresa familiar	¿Cuál es la importancia de las empresas familiares en el mundo?, ¿cómo garantizar su continuidad y permanencia?, ¿cómo mejorar la comunicación entre sus miembros? y ¿cómo lograr sucesiones exitosas? Este curso brinda estas respuestas a través de la identificación de estrategias para la profesionalización de las empresas familiares.	El curso Continuidad y Desarrollo de la Empresa Familiar tiene como propósitos educativos que los participantes al final del mismo:        Sean conscientes de la importancia de las empresas familiares en el mundo.     Comprendan la complejidad de las empresas familiares como un sistema familia,         empresa y propiedad.     Sean capaces de diagnosticar la problemática de las empresas familiares.     Apliquen modelos y soluciones útiles para la continuidad y sucesión de         la empresa familiar.     Se visualicen como agentes de cambio de la empresa familiar.     Desarrollen un pensamiento crítico.                 Este curso incluye como valor agregado la aplicación de un cuestionario que permitirá contar con una radiografía de la empresa familiar, el cual está basado en 5 dimensiones: estrategia, liderazgo, innovación, institucionalización y&nbsp;continuidad.&nbsp;       Se tendrá acceso a entrevistas con expertos internacionales, quienes compartirán su punto de vista y experiencias reforzando la comprensión de los temas del curso.&nbsp;&nbsp;       Además, se tendrá la oportunidad de aplicar modelos avanzados para transitar de una empresa familiar a una familia emprendedora.  El curso considera el análisis de casos de estudio de distintos países     de Latinoamérica para poner en práctica el aprendizaje de los participantes.&nbsp;
